PJ must stress eat. He clearly gains back some weight after the locations scouting part. I know being on set all the time doesn't put you around the healthiest foods. But for some reason I think he deals with his stress with foodWasn't expecting to see Gandalf wearing black (3D) sunglasses (at 36:15).It was amazing :DI really love how they got literally all the actors who worked on the LOTR to come back and do their roles again in the Hobbit trilogy. Probably costed quite a lot lol, I doubt they were stoked to learn elvish lines againAt 36:15, I'm really diggin' Gandalf with shadesWhy is Ken Stott never included in any of these Behind the Scenes videos?Was great... 1:04:25 A guy said to the catering girl the expression WEVE BEEN THROUGH A TON OF ORANGES (as in a lot) and she took it literally a TON lolFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Peter jackson is so genius13:33 too relatableFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~The optimal glockenspiel epidemiologically camp because food impressively remind aboard a dusty scorpio. able, clean pyjamaI am so happy that Peter made these films. The story is one of the best ever told, and it took someone with extraordinary passion for the material to do them justice. And they did do that, and more.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~The debonair rainbow expectantly play because tyvek presumably repeat beneath a dry frost. burly, shocking desireFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~I want to go to New Zealand so bad to see HobbitonOh man, nostalgia incoming.The overwrought waitress osmotically afford because wound ophthalmoscopically nest near a incandescent detail. hideous high, curved proseFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Now this is epic"There's a chopper behind me isn't there"

*blblblblblblbl*The whispering trouble oddly kneel because barge preclinically march anenst a pushy sociology. hulking, xenophobic chauffeurFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~The confused tip beverly escape because feather yearly squeak as a concerned grandfather. spectacular, shallow lynxThe dwarves dont look right with normal clothes on with hardly any beard and TALLIt is obvious so much work went into these films--it is too bad they were disappointing due to too much CGI, meandering extra & unnecessary plotting/characters. Most of the movie looked like a video game with the over-the-top sequences that were totally excessive (like the Goblin lair, the barrel float down the river, etc.).There used to be a 5 Hour Video or documentary Film about the making of the Hobbit . Where can I see that ?New Zealand amazing country. Should get rid of the British stamp on it.imagine getting to work on this movieSuch disappointing.Richard Armitage looks like V with that leather jacket on.I wonder if they had any issues with vandalism over the years, they must have had a strong security procedure involving props. A sword or shield from the production would be worth many bags of gold!The shards of narsil??29:37 yo welcome ive never laughed this hardJust imagine if they had cared about the real story... I can’t stop . Such a piece of steaming poo... it hurtsI miss fat Peter Jacksonthis guy was a prophet hinting covid 19 all those years ago. 48:33Peter grew fat whilst filming the hobbitThis behind the scenes are amazing. Creating memories, catch it on film - on how each actor felt about their training and role. It is 2021, with the pandemic, world isolation I am watching epic movies by Peter Jackson (The Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit) and never get tired of watching it. The best battle - The Battle of the Five Armies still gives me goosebumps. THANK YOU!I’m so glad PJ directed this and gave it the same tone and look as LotRWelp, guess I’m sitting down for an hour29:38 I go to a random spot and find thisFun fact Tolkien came up with the hobbit before LOTRIt should also, be pointed out, that once any aircraft leaves the non- inertial frame of reference, the Earth is moving beneath it. Meaning, all aircraft will land on a moving runway.. Sounds absurd right, well, thats your heliocentric religions fault, not mine. Seems like the right place to point it out, you are dealing with fantasy here too right.after watching The HOBBIT for so many times I still can't memorize all of the 13 dwarves namesThe actors who are playing the dwarfs really have a dwarf personality11:40Me watching this with my precious ring around my neck hehehe I feel closer to GollumRichard’s little speech at the welcome ceremony was so cute bless himThe ill-fated grandfather intrinsically alert because interest untypically strap regarding a curvy relish. bewildered, ten jamesin sorry but does fili’s actor look different in the beginning or is it just me?Love itNow I understand how movies are so expensive29:33The lord of the rings/the hobbit has one of the best and most nostalgic soundtracks I’ll ever hearmy left ear enjoyed this videoImagine they are filming behind the scences videos right now for Amazon SeriesI want to live un hobbiton...i love this movie..The transition of Peter Jackson getting fat through making of the movies tho...Repetititve popping in audio is very unplesant.2nd 2nd movie director or something. one time 2nd isn't enough? why is it called like that?wonder if that ran into any hunters while out shootingAmong 7 billion, we only 5 million watch this. That's a fookin disgrace, mateWowoh god the things the music makes me feel... thats stronger than a cigarette... ahhh the shire...lotr was like, yes we got this, while these guys are like oh yeah we are a family circusabsolutely love how the second blog begins with those cuts at 20:50Imagine dislikingThe movie that should have never been made13:09 as usual Gandalf is needed on another quest.What a lot of folk don’t talk about is Peter was never supposed to be the director o& the hobbit movies.  He was all for them being made but he didn’t want to direct, he had another role with another director picked.  Unfortunately the chosen director had to quit due to many time delays and another project.  Peter stepped in a became director, I’ve got huge respect for peter and how he made lotr.  I do love the hobbit films but unfortunately peter got to carried away with modern tech which ruined the films.  CGI evil will never come close to the sheer amazement of the practical effects of lotr.
Also for being such a perfectionist he has let the editing seriously slip during the battle of five armies especially the dwarves fighting the elves.
Nothing will ever compare to lotr and they will always be my most loved movies.
Another thing that’s funny is the theatre versions were always able to be watched and enjoyed but then the extended made them far superior.  He didn’t do that with five armies, the movie was 100% designed for the extended and the theatre one just doesn’t work lol.Looks so fun to be making such an iconic film adaptation“The human eye sees 60 fps” - PC Gamers disliked this (cause it’s false, we see at about 280)Human can notice much more than 60 frames per secondFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~28:44 Is George Lucas Cate Blanchett's costume overseer or something xDI really love this movieis he an actual HobbitHonestly I just really want to know if Mat Gordon, location manager, recorded his sludge metal album!watching the blog just make me apreciate the movie so much more.. What a ton of job there is, and a huge amount of ppl involved!Aidan and Richard <348:58 I've put the video on pause at the wrong moment-I used to watch all these blogs over and over. Anyone else?the best scene in the hobbit trilogy is the dwarves singing by the fire
it's the first time we understand the dwarves motives and see Bilbo empathize with themLOR AND HOBBIT MOVIES ARE MASTERPIECES. PETER JACKSON IS A GENIUS !You know the difference in quality when they spend half the documentary talking about individuals and not the production lmao. Lotr extras was just pure production because its production was legendarySo nobody gunna mention Peter’s tremendous weight loss?Luckily the world did not share their enthusiasm for 3D and today it's virtually dead. There is nothing like a beautifully lit and arranged 2D production, where the human eye can work the illusion.9:50 are they giving theirselves head butts because of viggo?Ew John KeyFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~When everything was not all green screen, it's so much betterI love it!!!! I love this world! And how amazing they are at creating it....!For me their was wayyyyyy too much 3d/cgi which killed the feeling of the film just look at the difference between hobbit/LOTRS 

LOTRS is far superior even when it’s olderIt's impossible not shed tears of joy, such nostalgia such an epic journeyFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Awesome, audio is clicky10 years ago he was saying 10 years agoIt's kind of rough going back and seeing this stuff, seeing Peter hinting at what a comparatively miserable experience this all was but without being overt or rude about it. 9:18 and 11:54 are both strong hints of it coming out. Everyone knew this should not have been three films, and trying to squeeze out three hours of extra unnecessary movie seemed to take a serious toll on everybody. Tho it's a testament to Peter and Andy's abilities that all three movies are still enjoyable when they basically had to pull an entire movie's worth of content out of their asses to stretch it out over three films.59:51 LMAO how did this not become a memeShame the hobbit never really lived up to the first trilogy at allThis movie proves that no matter what country, every country is beautiful in its own wayThese might not be perfect or canon but you have to appreciate the hard work and imagination that went into this. That alone helps me appreciate it. Peter Jackson did an amazing job both trilogies!The Hobbit bts doesn't have the same magic as the LotR bts.thank you op for doing this it’s been amazing watching themDamn Peter looked different6:03 XDWest rhhtrejt1:08:07  Oh my god33:36  Awww"Location scouting" yeah right. More like tour to the heavens.8:38  Don't tell me that handsome chris Is Fili?7:29  Can someone explain what's happening here? What ceremony? And what language were they speaking?1:26  ....Relating.The 3d did not age well

lol59:50. That is allIs this supposed to be backwardsmy  left ear is happyThe fanatical furniture habitually learn because print secondly dance onto a awesome british. wiry, simplistic organI like the Steve zissu songPolska obecna?Looking at poor Pete at the beginning of this special compared to the last image of him is starting. This movie really took it out of him, wow. Thank you for your commitment Mr Jackson and crew."I'm doubling Stanley Kubrick"I wasn't super impressed the first time I watched The Hobbit trilogy but I've just re-watched it and was totally and completely engulfed. Can't wait to watch it again and again.I got really surprised when I found out that Richard Armitage, who played Thorin, a dwarf, is actually 6' 2".FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~I love videos like this, helps me focus and chase after my dreams. Love the lord of the rings universe"the human eye sees 60 fps"
every gamer ever: REEEEEEEEEEE33:46 for the Green Screen GoblinWho is that skinny guy? Where is the hobbit Peter Jackson?What is with that super awkward section that starts at 7:45?These make you enjoy the movies even more!!!Love the hobbit trilogyA few years ago I found a lot more production video blogs of the hobbits, it was a total of like 6hs of behind the scenes material and it was amazing. Sadly they took it down. Anyone knows where I can find it nowadays?RIP Christopher Lee.
Filmed The Hobbit 3 just in time, though.Thoren = Hannibal’s Big Red Dragongoddamn PJ lost weightAs someone related to Elijah, I can confirm he does not age.They say time flies, things changes 






But Frodo remains the same Frodo even after 11 yearsIam very impressed wd these behind scenes  ..hard work,dedication creatvity ..we see the finest end product 
Kodus to entire crewSo nostalgic...FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Oh my!!!if u only it could all come back!!These movies were so bad21:44 isn't that the same studio that Red Dwarf was filmed in? Cause that is amazingFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~0:02, 11:21, 20:29, 33:52, 44:40, 56:19Simpatico questo retroscena del Film.Peter Jakson, you must to come to Kyrgyzstan country and Talas city, to Mountain Chatkal, there is the Gate of Orks really orks living under Mountain.Dwarfs came to make cinema so really looks.Anyone still here in 2020?what with the crackling audio?They were right about the beards.Peter jackson un regista poliedrico da 'bad teaste' passando per braindead sembra impossibile che sia riuscito a fare tutto cio' . Complimenti vivissimi seguendo la strada di bakshi ha realizzato la saga di tolkien in modo fedele e avvincente dove la trama nn ha punti morti , cali di tensione o banalità. Lo considero un regista pieno di passione, n1.7:49 that dude in the back is impressed by your peekabo, btw.59:48 'There is a chopper behind me isn't there' *gets blown away*29:40 i actually cracked up seeing the airguitari think frodo kept the ring after all cuz he hasn't aged a dayIncredible interesting! Thank you!U stole this from peter jackson -.-This is almost as interesting as the movie itself :) Thank youAt 38:50 a camera technician just uttered the words "the human eye sees 60 frames per second"...let that sink in.Increddile tot watch. And 100 Times better than actors in talkshows promoting the film, and i love that.Anybody notice 3 foot tall Kieran's feet don't touch the ground when he's sitting in a lawn chair? Lmao 8:35the 43:30 part is so coolThese blogs cure my deppression <3and then there are people who havent seen the trilogy, absolut madnesssome of these shots were filmed so near where I live that it's scary"In a hole in the ground lived a hobbit"............................. the rest is forever plastered in time!!!!!!!!This is not a commentIf I was going to invite a dwarf to dinner it would be thorinIt's amazing how they made this movie with just a few sets...1:22 Pete:  "shy artists" SO RELATABLE!!I remember watching this on the DVD years agoFrodo is just like a FrodoLiterally everyone: It's gonna be great! I love this location!
Ants Farrell: I'm just worried 'bout the dinosaurs...

One like= 1 team sent out to hunt the dinosIsn't it funny that not even a decade ago, filming in 5k was considered amazing quality wise whereas now we can REALTIME RENDER  4k with Ray tracing and watch that on our smartphone?TREMENDOUSThis is gold
I mean, this is precious"the human eye sees in 60 frames" no..the human eye isn't designed to see in "frames" buddy lol. Thats an old gamer myth.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~These actors might do well to remember that they were hired for their looks.Thank you for this...So enjoyable to have time now and to see all the people who worked and created to make these movies and stories so memorable!Probably over 1 million just on camera equipmentHow the hobbits look so small on reality?how long does the cast and production crew actually get of a break after filming a block of shooting????I thaught Manu Bennett played Azog :(When John aKa Gimli came and visited, that was so amazing! What a guy for visiting!41:26 well yeah real hair looks realkewl :PFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~I all ways put the hobbit on before bed and sleep to it lolFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~The Harry Potter films would have been so much better had Peter Jackson been the director, in my opinion.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~i think about 29:36 in my head every now and thenFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Jemand deutchsprachiger 2020 hier xD?This brought tears to my eyes. I love it so much.Im here from "They Shall Not Grow Old"For me, every single person on this set is on the same famous doorstep as a fireman or a cop for a little child would be. Looking at the cool things they do on the set i just want to do the same.u guys recorded this movie in 5k....so why can't u upload this at least in 1080p..LOLPeter gained lots of weight filming these movies.Ori, Dori, Nori is rightI think there should be a Samalerian book as a movie33:35 Count DookuThey left out my favorite  part. Billbo beside the fire saying " struck  by lighting"  I thought it was a great part when Gandalf says " a queer little fellow, had fits sometimes." I loved the way they worked so closely  with the book. Read the book several  times. Love it.Imagine filming a movie of this scale during this pandemic...total health-procedures nightmare..Omg the subtitles. Theyre not wrong, but they ain't right either lol31:09

A special guest in Bag End... The meeting between the daddy and the son when John Rhys-Davis come to do a visit. I love when John meets Peter Hambleton as Gloin!

John (Gimli): DADDYYY!!!
Peter (Gloin): My sonny!29:19 

Stephen Hunter (Bombur), Aidan Turner (Kili) and Graham MacTavish (Dwalin) do the rehearsal of the song. Look how funny when Stephen when he do the drums when Graham sings like Metallica!28:37 

A beautiful comeback: Peter Jackson, Elrond and Gandalf!!!The human eye sees 60 frames per second.... ok boomer.The lotr were my favorite movies of all time minus golum, who I thought was awful.  But the Hobbit films were terribleI miss the day i watched this movieAMAZINGI'm from New Zealand, and I'm also Maori, so it was majestic to see the powhiri performed for them. They received the ceremony beautifully.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~First I watched the lord of the rings and then the hobbit when I was 4 now I am 14!Bless Pete Jackson for tending to these great works with such love and bringing them to life for younger generations and old fans alike! Bless you Mr Jackson.I cant take the deep asslicking atmosphereImagine working your whole life writing a story. And it coming to life and produced as beautifully as these movies did.I'm amazed they had any energy over to shoot these extra bits. I'd just be pissed off if someone was filming me while stressed out like that.Love you so much guys!!!!!!!!!! Thanks for making these films!!!!!!FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Best movie, best crew, best experience... Thank you all!I loved the hobbit book, and LOTR too, but I didn't think The Hobbit needed to be three frickin movies.  *Edit* I do now want so badly to visit New Zealand, if anything these LOTR movies have shown the intensely natural beauty of that amazing country.Like how the scrawny guys carrying the stuff instead of the ripped tank top guy lol 5:25Really blows my mind away how much went into this. And it’s just absolutely gorgeous.When I'll be millionaire I'll build an exact replica of Bag End and live there forever, of course away from the city"Oh you're in 3D now..looking GOOD"  thank you Peter5 years ago when I discovered the Hobbit - at the age of 11 - I used to watch the bts material at least 2/3 times a day... I was a crazy faaan haha29:37 <338:50 The human eye sees more than 60 fps.. D:Is it me or did I just watch 12 minutes until I heard a woman speak? I guess that’s the Hobbit  for you...I am in love with the hobbit biggest nerd ever!!!!!I'm still studying, "The Way Home or face the Fire,"   "I AM The I AM", and His Son Christ is coming soon and we must all be ready for them.    Real Love Conquers All.Rest in peace, Ian Holm (old Bilbo)Its amazing to see those actors who played lotr which was shoot 12 years before the hobbits and still looked exactly the same! God, they barely aged!!! We need more of this. please make more movies or book what happen after lord of the ring..Good lord Richard Armitage sounded like Sean Bean and I had to actually look up at my TVI despise the popsI bet they got pretty annoyed when the chopper messed up his hair.wow! nice , pls check out this one as well. @tThe human eye can actually see up to 1000 frames per second although only able to interpret up to 150 frames on averageWow... the council set is so cool. Would love to be able to just walk through it.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~My left ear enjoyed the video.9:54 can anyone explain me why is there a guitar?How can someone come from doing the almost perfect movie with the perfect casting in LoTR to make the worst adaptation with the worst casting ever in The Hobbit...Its not that the hobbit needs a remake, what it needs is to be done the right way.38:50 "The human eyes sees 60 frames a second." No, just.. please, stop. Sight doesn't work in frames per second. Also, humans can definitely differentiate between fps way higher than 60.
At least this clip is 8 years old, this myth is finally starting to die out.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Hello I am here, during quarantine during 2020 and im rewatching everything of The Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings. Have a great day. May the force be with you, go back to your books and your armchair and plant a tree.59:50 lolIm watching it daily before I go to sleep. It helps so much!FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~hmmm... 
There were choppers...
Why did none of them use them *inside* the movie, to get to places faster?Why was there a different actor for Fili here?Seeing Elijah Wood, Sir Ian McKellan, Hugo Weaving and Cate Blanchett again

*My friend, you haven't aged a day*I wonder if we will ever see Peter Jackson do anything with the silmarilionandy serkis is completely out of itIts kind of sad that locations from LotR remains exactly the same but people visiting them become olderI LOVE THISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSsssssssssssssZS




so muchFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~why is the audio so bad on some of these videos??38:50 u wot m829:39 made my day.This is the best thing to watch while in quarantineFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~what an operation. This proves once again that if the concept works, and you throw just as much resources and labor at it as possible, the result is amazing. One of the pieces of art that people will look back on for hundreds of yearsI don't care what people say. The Hobbit movies were rushed, yes, but they were damn fun to watch! Love em.Price tag on the camera fleet? Anyone?38:54 that isnt true because i can tell the difference between 60 fps and 120"The human eye sees 60 frames per second."






Really...FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~The fact that they can make a 1 hour and 8 minute long backstage vlog of genuinely interesting and fascinating content just shows what great movies it is and how hard they work on it! Incredible!So, that pencil sharpening technique at 42:15... wot's all that about? Anyone know?26:00 "I think when people see the beards, beards are gonna come back in big time..."  Dude nailed it!I died at 33:30the hobbit wasnt produced. it was supposed to be produced :)FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Fake Fili.... DISGUSTANGPeter Jackson an Einstein  of our artists.a New Zealand  masterpieceThe music is just magicalFantastic films !What follows shortly after 29:19 is a fantastic dwarven axe/drumming, what you *really* needed to see.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Bookmark- 18:23FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~“So are you going to on a break during the break in shooting?”
Peter: “Well yes, but actually nodamn sir christopher lee was just simply put on earth by the gods to become saruman ripWhen I think of Peter Jackson I don't envy his luck or success, but I do covet his life.Great movieCan’t believe it’s already been 7years from this :(36:18 Is he in the Hobbit? that's loooong b4 he even was born :OWOW Nice.... first time i view...audio is scuffed“I’m 30 now” - Elijah, who literally looks the exact sameNice and intelligent man.I still have my 3D glasses from the first film, anyone else?lol. I used to think that all those working on a movie was rich, but some people actually have low paying jobs on a movie like this lolFantastic ! Such a thing as this exists.  Sharing is truly caring.781 Orcs dislikedWhenever i hear this music im somehow transfered to this magical world...FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Why is Rob Kazinsky in this video? I don't remember him being in The Hobbit. Am I missing something?Peter Jackson looks better with some weight on him, he looked ill in the first few clipsGod awful butchering of the story1:23 oh. Hi Dyatlov.“ Hello there! It’s Peter. Welcome back to my vlog”Tolkien rote fantasy WalesI read The Hobbit when I was a young man in my late teens I thoroughly enjoyed it then and you have made my heart race since then with all of your lovely movies thank you and God bless you"21:00"......his ability to act is firmly entrenched within his mind lolI'm sure the fact that Martin Freeman is actually several inches shorter than all of the dwarf actors helped so much with shooting everythingFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Logistical nightmare and these great men and women made it happen!Actually thats incorrect the sword would not of been there in the time of the hobbit it was broken thousands of years prior to lord of the ringsNot much about how the effects were achieved.  Jackson looks like a Hobbit.LOTR,   the official trailer for the New Zealand tourist board.ian mc kellen is such a good actor.,44:50 Bilbo is adorableI thought this was gonna be like ten minutes but an hour! I'm in heaven.The Shire at 54:00thorin could be the new wolveringRivendell ( in my mind i'm there).Great moviesI just realised he got thinner.It’s such a warm, creative and proffessional atmoisphere. It’s like...the fellowship of the ringI never realized that rob Kazinsky was Fili at first. I think it would be strange, considering that I'm used to Dean as Fili but I think Rob could've done a good job. Either Dean played Fili well, it would just be interesting to see Rob.An absolute cinematic disaster. What a fail!"Is this going to be in the movie?" It will, because you asked that, little hobbitFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~I think or they are taking the hobbits to IsengardFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~i have read and seen the books and movie series over again and again because its one of my favourite movies/books in mah lifeThe first hobbit film was the only good one. The 2nd and especially the 3rd were just so awful. It felt like they spent all their energy making the first and then just said screw it for the other films.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~One of the biggest mistake of Hobbit movies is shooting in 3D and 48fps, that took away all the fantasy feel and that beautiful "movie mist" from the picture, and on top of that there was way too much CGI/green screen that looked more cartoonish than dark and menacing, so the whole thing lacked authenticity. Also, they tried to make Hobbit, that is a s single book and a light children tale with completely different feel, into a serious and complex trilogy that LOTR was. That created lot of senseless filler and it was never going to work. and because of that it felt like the writing is much worse. but I still enjoy them as an expansion of Tolkien's world. also LOTR movies were such perfection and set the bar so high it was unlikely anything will top it, even Peter couldn't top himself lolOh my god they predicted the beard comeback!One has to wonder what the carbon footprint of a shoot like this is...Richard Armitage looks like that guy from the Cyberpunk 2077 trailerbet they enjoyed those fat suits on mountaintops.hi megnito48:33 60 kilos of toiletpaper! LOLWTF is that snapping sound all thru the vid? I dont think it belongs thereLeft ear13:53 what is "best boy" doin here9:46 they headbutting each other like vigo did in the fellowship era15:25 Gollum got his precious!lets make the silmarillionPeter Jackson and George Lucas should make a movie baby together.Is that Deep Roy!? Cool.I wish Peter would make more epic movies just to see him and his behind the scenes.25:36 he's right <3 <313:53 "BEST BOY"?33:15 lolAre dwarves immortal as well or what I’m baffled do they just live longer than men or whatHas to be the worst interpretation ever. Sometimes it's like the books weren't even read.imagine if he had never changed his mind...FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~26:21 his ears are like elvesHow I wish to work like these people. They all look so happy doing their jobs57:54 "im just worried about the dinosaurs" hahahaha made my dayWhy did I watch thisThis is the movie which ll be remembered for ages.New Zealand should consider just changing it's name to Middle Earth.Peter Jackson looks like a little Hobbit lmaoThis is a nice video but why the hell is there some sort of "snapping/clicking sound" in the audio all the time? Extremely annoyingSo Gollum is Peter Jackson’s apprenticeThe only one who's changed is Peter has lost weightToo many dwarves, I wish he would have went for powerful storytelling instead of book accuracy and cut their numbers down to 6 max. Only really need Fili, Thorin, Balin and perhaps Gloin. Screen time is divided a bit too much among the 13 so they're a bit washed.At 15:43 treebeard appears (man with grey beard walking in the same manner as treebeard) :)It is time for me to rewatch these again.Mr Jackson,,
,,,,swamp gal here,,,,,
 Youve created a masterpiece that will out live us all ,,u did Tolkien justice,,,Wish the films were better, but at least there's a fan edit2019Frodo, you haven't aged a day...just finished Return of the King and I'm weeping. my eyes really hurt48:34 : 60 kilos of toilet paper lmao38:50 haha nice joke.Enjoyed every second of this behind the scene clip. Thats once in a lifetimes experience going on such location and beautiful looking sets on whom people have for more than 2 years to build. What a craft and New zealand is heaven. Editor of this clip did an amazing job.i really need to reread the hobbit and the lord of the rings again its only been about 20 yearsi got the first Hobbit dvd.  I'm going to watch it again 2nd time all three.Peter put on some mass :DMy life is so boring.There are so many songs in the hobbit but I cant sing them because the make no lyrical sense lol most dont even rhyme250 days for 2 movies?!I am so, so, so happy that they decided to do this. I absolutely love this vlog and have been watching it many times for the past few years. Love the tolkein world so muchniby taka wielka persona, tyle ma kasy... a wyglada jak jakis uchalny dziad wpierdzielajacy marchewke..."The human eye sees 60 fps". Clearly a console pleb.Jackson's hair turns gray throughout this. poor guy. lol. Thank you Peter Jackson for the OT.the making looks greet but why the movie isn't ?????<3WAAAAY too much green screenI’m really kicking myself right now for not hoarding some 3D glasses fmlHe's like our tour guide into Middle Earth.One hour in, TWO movies confirmed :) knew it19 - 30 years old and he literally hasn't aged a day38:50 Did he really just say what I think he said? LIESSSSSsuch a shame these movies turned out so long and boring. nothing like the original trilogy, even watching the director's cut...Sir Christopher Lee, I miss him a lotPeter: it's all going to go incredibly well, don't you agree? 
Ian: uhm...FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~I wonder if the movie company forced Peter to make 3 films, and he was scared people wouldn't get their wages if he didn't agree, and so he had no choice...Funny thing is how much Bea actually did come back into fashion.the Kiwi accent is so... funFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Peter's acting is worse than what he did to that book.Actually living in New Zealand and living in Wellington when all of this was happening is truly amazing and you feel so special and going to hobbiton is truly an amazing experiencePeter gained all allot of wait well fillmingImagination brought to reality for us to see. Peter Jackson has a great process of fitting all these jigsaw puzzles together.richard armitage's voice...
oooof........42:08 Every true fan knows how much work Alan Lee and John Howe put into making drawings for Lord of the Rings... but here they even draw in blue and red to created 3d look. Thats sick ! Such a dedication, we can only guess how many concept arts those  two created for Hobbit, LotR and even before books. I having nothing in common with that sort of art but I do have MASSIVE respect for John and Alan !43:28 I always have a pair of 3D glasses handy at my desktop and the effect worked amazing in that drawing. I could put my hand into the image all the way back to the second dwarf.i want Sir Ian McKellen to narrate my lifeThe Hobbit, a great movie, period.Bilbo and smeagol are both in black phanterFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~33:38 Rest In Peace Christopher LeeFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~if someone respects my culture i reciprocate automatically such is human natureOooh he said "shy artists" I thought he said "shiny arses"Peter Jackson looked the thinnest and sickliest in the beginning, and as the movies progressed he got fatter and fatter, but he also returned to looking like his normal self.Soooo cool! Although this all must be HARD work, I wish I could be part of it. Thanks for showing these stories behind the stories :-) Greetings to all from the opposite side of the world - switzerland :-)This just doesn't seem like work to me. I'd do it for free if they'd feed me.28:41 Is that George Lucas??Is it me, or the right side is silent?peter got in great shape and the movie studio forcing him to make another trilogy made him gain it all back.how much time did it actually take them to make the whole movie ?48:33 "sixty kilos of toilet paper" LOL!29:32 lmao29:37 hehe best partIs this the stuff that is on the hobbit extended editions?Your eyes don't see 60 frames per second your eyes don't work with frames Google itThank you for upload!these kind of vlogs that im truly inspired not those internet vlogers who vlogs their fuckin live like they are most relevant people of the world.hey check this out.....i've seen a black shadow of  a man beside the waterfalls ..seems like moving too fast up.. timestamp 1:03:09 to 1:03:10 
..I think its Sauron..A while in....


Where's Toro??5:41 Isn't that guy an actor that plays in True Blood?FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Man the work that goes into these things...13:51 How do I get the title of "Best Boy." ?Can't believe people didn't enjoy the Hobbit Films. I think they're all quite lovely.1:23 Comrade Dyatlov! Comrade Dyatlov!Dwalin saying *OOOOOOH* during song practice is killing mejust imagine if Rivendell was built in real life as Hobbiton wasthey guy talking at 27:33 is so handsome!!! I was suggested to watch this to study English accents. wow! such a way to learn!!you are welcomeIt's a shame the films are bad.I only came here for the Stone Giants
How did they make them?"we have 48 red cameras". Lol.My left ear is a little bit tired....They talk about how beatyful New Zealand is, and it is, but it could have been Norway if one did't know it was New Zealand.What an incredibly beautiful country Middle Earth is. Just one wish: to have been a part of the creative crew that made these movies.“I just wanted to take the opportunity to let the fans know what a clusterfuck producing this thing is turning out to be...”I thought mark was an actual jet pilot lolSo much audio popping. Great look, though.Bilbo and the 13 dwarvesThe Doctor's finally gone to Barcelona!The movies are great. The entire team made a very good jobFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~I came after watching LOTR behind the scenes, man... things have changed so much, and i'm not sure if  it's for the good, peter seems to be hosting this bloody vlog/behind the scenes. I remember when he was 100% focused on lotr, the team was very serious, rather scared actually... they were RISKING it. And this feeling of pure passion and dedication for a movie seems to have faded away... Everything seems easier on set, I can say that the harder it is, the better the result.Anyone 2019?People complain about the movies so much but if you actually read the book, it's kind of deary in my opinion and I imagine if they had stuck with the story from the book to the letter, we'd have something like a Monty Python movie. I'm glad PJ and team took the liberties they did to enrich the movies. To someone like me who's never seen lotr prior to seeing the hobbit trilogy, it was an absolute delight. These creation videos make me appreciate the movies even more.Pure magic!36:16 Gandalf with 3D glasses makes my last 2 brain cells boogieA brilliant movie made by brilliant peopleWhat an astoundingly complex arrangemt! Oh, to be involved with this!Middle earth- best franchise everI wish lotr/hobbit sets would permanently be displayed in a studio like the harry potter sets in the wb studio in london. That would be SICK. ( i know there’s hobbiton, but i mean, pretty much all of it )Whos still up for 2019Peter Jackson loses his powers when he gets thin.I always wondered how they made the height difference between the dwarfs and everyone else.I like that in the first ten minutes in the hobbit it's almost in sync with the bookA great watch38:50 he says human eye can only see 60fps!! lmfaooooooo     


PCmasterRace knows the truth.New Zealand? What the hell is that? It's called "Middle-Earth". 


You noob.26:02 Beards really have come back BIG time after the HobbitI went to matamata last year (hobbiton) and it was beautifulwow this is amazing, they had fun working on itHow do you use trailers for movieI am making a movieAnyone here from 2019?I miss Christopher Lee!The big difference between the two trilogies is that LOTR is in a sense, more grim and fatalistic with its end of the world theme. While the Hobbit has more comedy and less of a dramatic consequence. I personally love both movies but my heart will always choose to watch LOTR over The Hobbit due to my love for it.props to the guy who wore a skintight gray tracksuit to the opening ceremony that took gutsThank you, Peter, for this neverending feel of tender adventure <3anyone else get the popping sound in the audio?7:00 what's going on with this ritual. Is this any purpose for this?5:36 Noob
23:24 Noobs

I once yelled "Name the dwarves from the Hobbit" in public, some looks at me like "is he a wierdo?" but others yelled all the names back.Help me. Why are Thorin, Fili and Kili all so hot?I wish they hand't put so much time, effort, and emphasis on the dying gimmick that is 3dI've never read The Hobbit series, but I did enjoy the movies. I didn't think they were as good as The Lord of the Rings trilogy, but I enjoyed them nevertheless!13:53 
Ants Farrell-
Best BoyThe loveThis is amazing! Does anyone know where one can find the "behind the scenes" of "Desolation of Smaug" ? I saw it once but sadly I can't find it anymoreToo bad these movies mostly sucked.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~59:49 XDR.I.P Sir Christopher LeeWait, so did Peter Jackson gained so much weight during that 4 weeks of downtime was it? I mean look at that man at 42:08 and 44:36 or 1:31I never understood how people could get emotional watching things like this but as I've got older I've come to understand why a little better..
The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings movies get me emotional.
They're masterpieces.
I understand they're adaptions but I grew up with the visuals for LotR and I'm almost certain it's one of the main things that has given me my deep love for fantasy.
The music, the scenery, costumes.. Absolutely everything, sounds and feels perfect and because of that I feel something different to nostalgia every time I'm reminded of these two trilogyUsing temp music inspired by The Life Aquatic?peter has lost weightI wonder how much weight he lost? He looks good.So this is literally the glossy fake ver of bts? The version where it doesn't show Peter Jackson wanting to die doing this project.14:00 yeaah a fellow belgian ! :)2019Peter Jackson is just loving what he does and it shows in his films and I would love to have worked with him for even a weekIan seems so sad in this. Like he's not having fun. You really don't get the feeling that the actors are close like they were in LOTR. It seems like they're just goofing off for the camera, for the sake of a Behind the Scenes shot, not that they're actually enjoying the project.  I've been watching the LOTR Behind the Scenes and there's just a different feel to it.You're a wizard, Ian.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~When I went to New Zealand last year, we visited Hobbiton and heard about how Peter Jackson had the tree above Bag-End made. After that me and my brothers joked about how everything we saw, for example ‘This was one of the twigs that lay outside the Elves Stronghold in Mirkwood, that Tauriel jumped over’.All of this, for what?it's a shame that the making of is better than the movies themselves.31:51 the original Fili before he got fired.I can cross my eyes and see 3d from a 2d image...Try it!Jed Brophy... oof.I didnt recognize Peter Jackson at all, he's lost so much weight.I love you guys so much for making these movies.i love the hobbit and lord of the rings !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!how can one guy have this amount of energy and keep it up for that period. I have an even bigger respect for Mr Jackson now.Richard Armitage needs to either play James Bond or WolverineThe Doctor's finally gone to Barcelona!Its weird to see a slim Peter JacksonLove their effort. Wish they put more of that effort into the right places (ie. less on Alfred and Mario- Legolas and more on Bilbo and Company).What even was that ceremony before the shoot began??I literally was watching a video about Felix, and why he wasn't on YouTube rewind, then i clicked somewhere by mistake, i love the Lotr franchise, loved the Hobbit, but never knew about this making of. I'm so glad i got there.Greaaaaaat wooooooorrrrrrrkpeter jacksons lotr and hobbit was so great moviesUGHHHH this is so freaking cool!Camera guy claiming the human eye sees only 60fps, nice to know these people are absolutely clueless on how it works. How am I then able to see the difference between a 60hz and a 144hz moniter 100% of the time?I WANT TO BE IN THE NEXT PETER JACKSON MOVIE!!!!BEARDS ARE BACK!!!! im growing onei bet it felt weird filming the shire and rivendell!If I was the prime minister of new zealand i would actually change the country's name to middle earth and force everyone to live like the various beings in that world and they would all have to live with no electricity and i would rename the office dark lord and I would kill everyone1:06!19:39...thats a floater,.I  miss the LOTR and the Hobbit films in theaters.Please a new film PleaseFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Sooo cool! thank You!I want a human size Hobbit hole to live inNew Zealand looks like a place out of this world!!!!! Amazing!!!!Too bad the hobbit films were no more than a disgrace to Tolkiens geniusLOTR is so much better. It terms of story, characters and enjoymentAh, Christopher Lee.... RIPWhat happened to the 5 hour making of The Desolation of Smaug, there was so much content in there! and on YOutube, i need that back!!!Does Manu Bennett pop up anywhere in these?so sad after you see all the passion to see the end product not being that greatFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Every time I watch any of these movies I ALWAYS watch the appendices. And then about once a month I'l scour YouTube for my favorite bits not included with the movies. Bits like this. :D1 hour.. Uhmm...1:02:58 - RIP headphone usersAbsolutely incredible. They put an amazing amount of energy, hard work, creativity and attention to detail into these movies. Very special.All that hard work and all we have to do is seat and enjoy it.53:32 Its free real estate he knows Xd57:39 Double hairflip:(  I can't see in 3D I envy everyone who can.  :(  I feel so left out.Oh the lies.Rip Sir Christopher LeeYou can really see the pain and stress in Peter's eyes. i'm sure he tried to do this as best as he could, but he clearly is so tired of it all.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~*Christopher lee comes on*


*starts crying*It's just amazing how much effort had actually been put in these movies. On top of that not only did Peter created a great piece of cinematography, but these movies also serve as the tourism ads (in the better sense of the word) for New Zealand. No wonder he was knighted at such young age (for the knighthood that is). In a way these movies are also a love song of Peter to New Zealand.Look at 36:13 you can thank me later :D33:22 look at dwalin's shoes.... a great big dwarf wearing...................
...........
.............
..............
..............
............

 sneakers XDjust casually gonna run a marathon20i love the production stuff. I would love to be accepted as a concept artist for the different characters. Beautiful concepts and kraftsmanship. Best i have met in movies production. Also the subject is great.51:5213:46 spot the mistake?I enjoyed watching this better then the movies1:04:59
Careful with those glasses, bro.
You could get snowblind without them.Is it Fili that hot guy?25:23 forgot that Cutter from Uncharted was Dwalinbut where is balin?Peter Jackson transformation from day 1 to the last day is haunting..who screwed up the sound? needs to panned out even, yo.The movies have their  critics, like all things do lol but to me, the magic of the tolkien stories give these movies even mroe magic, and power :'D which is more than any movie can ask for really38:50 "the human eye sees 60 FPS" just shut upMakes you wanna watch the movie againFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Maybe spend more time developing the dwarven characters rather than 3D XdI can't get enough of Peter Jackson and the production teams utterly incredible work. These movies will stand for 50 years!!Gloin is Gimli`s fatherThat guy is not azog, Manu Bennett isDId they have a different actor for Fili? That guy in the beginning looks so differed from DeanThis is really interesting   in year 2018elves age backwords and hobbits look young for decadesIm so in love with the hobbit movies.  They are all excellent.  If only he could produce more related installments.  Hope to see more of them.Wow thorin looks so different!FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~Did Frodo really destroy the ring?-no of course not.Peter Jackson needed it for the HobbitBuon giorno ....che meraviglioso filmato ...bellissimo ..specie per noi innamoratissimi di tolkien. ...Non importa se non rispecchia a pieno il libro ...Come si lamentano molti ..ma ha senz'altro aumentato la nostra visuale dell insieme ....
Una preghiera. ...Non si potrebbero avere questi filmati tradotti ?..Anche male ... ma almeno per chi mastica poco l inglese sarebbe un aiuto ...Grazie. ...ugh richard!! love himthis is the first movie that I'll show to my child hahahahhaFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~2018 still loved itMan, thinking about how involved even this BTS video is, I can't even imagine how crazy it must be for everyone involved, especially Peter Jackson.  Thanks for sharing!Thank you for bringing this video out, but as a sound engineer, it sounded like you tried making a stereo track into a mono track and did a poor job and its driving my ears crazylove the costumes ,who designed them.Fantastic to get a peek  behind the scenes, into the arts and crafts and all that skill of actors, props, rock and foam and whatever there is behind these fantastic images on screen just to give us audience the exclusive, exquisite experience.God, the art! What I wouldn't give to live inside the mind of one of the concept artists for a day.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~5:31 That guy in the tank top who was going to play FiliAndy's hair is ridiculasEnyawats the lotr theme  song called in dis keep hearing itFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~The genesis of making great movies like The Hobbit & Lord Of The Rings -- all episodes shows what genius & talent that create great films always begins with a great story. J.R.R Tolkien gave us a the books of trilogy that inspired the imagination for making it surreal. Thanks so much to Peter Jackson & his production team & the movie company for making it happen. Lights, Camera -- Action.  It's a wrap . . . Peace Pipe out --Peelcassoall this to make a 2 hour filmsuch a great team !I really love bufor especially when his songs X3
Like if you agree with me
Lol!!!i cant take that constant fucking clicking. unwatchableIt's so cool that they got the native Maori people to bless them and yargggggg that's so cool! NATIVE PRIDE!What do they do when they're done with these beautiful sets? Destroy them? :(((the hobbit behind the sceneive got the interesting dynamic of being half dwarf half hobbit, im short, stout, harry and have a nice beard. but im also lazy as hell and have weirdly tough, hairy feet.i just wanna say thank you to Mr Jackson for made The hobbit an Lord of the ring and of course actors and other people who help.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~The LOTR soundtracks were SOO good they had 2 put it into behind the scenes of THE HOBBIT XDWas that a different guy playing Fili in the beginning?D: Christopher Lee suddenly appearing in full costume at 33:37 scared the hell outta me!! lolCLick click click click what the fuck is up with the way that you processed this shit.who is that guy that listens to the name of fili in the beginning?Only true fans watch the bts ( i watched the whole video )FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~6:02 ahaI love all of this so muchWow!!!!! How amazing how they do it!!! Looking forward to watch the movie", Wow!!!!! How amazing how they do it!!! Looking forward to watch the movie", 6:33 OMG gandalf is magnetoSuch a great movie and I love to watch these bts videos they are really interesting R.I.P. right speaker8:12 is that the Australian jaeger pilot from pacific rim in the tan shirt and shorts on the left side??Why so many the people has tintin shirts?? O.O XDD like this---->> 21:59Dkm vl kiem mai deo thay phimI fancy the pants off Peter...LOL Saruman <3 these people are hardworking. :)who are these 401 ppl that dislike this? its a blog for the hobbit you knew what you was in for from the word go? eh?My relatives were visiting Hobbiton about a year ago. I don't know why, but I am going soooo very very angry, or maybe jealous.

I WANNA GO THERE TOO!Oh my, can I sleep in that Bag End set for a night? This is before the actor for Fili had been replacedim in tears...29'41 lol no furAbsolutely Amazing to see!!these are great to watchEveryone in the cast seems so amazing. It must be great to be a part of this huge group and film these amazing movies.
There's so much passion from everyone, and Peter Jackson is so amazing and kind. I really love that he's so engaged with his fans as well, making these video blogs for us to watch. Truly amazing.Absolutamente espectacular estás realizaciones, se quedan cortas de palabras para describir su grandeza, me encantan!! 29:36 lf :DDDDDThe behind the scenes are just as good as the movies.
They are truly interesting.
And does Peter seem thinner?So much respect and love for this movie<3
Grateful to be a kiwiElijah still looks the sameEarly last year sir ian McKellen camen to our school for a visit and gave us a speach about him being gay and stuff and at the end he said if you do not study YOU SHALL NOT PASS! It was an awesome experience :-) and the voices are NEVER  right....neveri read all the books several times each , and after seeing 10minutes of the two towers, knew i'd never watch another minute. all the dialogue is identical to the books what's the point? i know the story., and as nicely as they done it, they can't match the pictures i have in my mind of MIddle Earth the characters and the action. and i won't let them alter those images. besides, why pay money and watch a movie for 2 hours when you can get many many hours of pleasure reading & re reading it?  passive entertainment. caca  .i don't get it... Luv the first 2 films, seen the second in 3D, and all I can say is WOW, keep up the fantastic work!who is that odd little fellowWhen Elijah mentions his age.. Big shocker ;#)I love this, it's nice to see how the movie is created to create a masterpieceCheck out Peter Jackson's Cameo Appearance In The Desolation of SmaugThorin looks so much like Rob Zombie.Every single one of them is adorable and I love them all so much <3
These behind the scenes blogs are my crack, I love that we can see everything that goes into making productions like this, especially the antics x)Who is that at the end of the first row on the left at 0:08:25? Is that Rob Kazinsky?have seen all lord of the rings and both the hobbit and the second one and I am already exited for third one despite I know it is a year or so awayThis whole little Vlog series makes me happy, i just love watching all of the funny little moments and the effort that went into one of my favorite movies!FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~1.29:59 That voice is amazingly horrible and annoying :OThat 3D art looked amazing with the red and cyan glasses! :D You could even see the layers of the objects! :O What does it mean to be a best boy? Ive seen him in the blogs a couple timesYou have to love New Zealand #kiwiWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWIme a xtra on the movie i loved every second peter your a legend Why am I not surprised that Peter Jackson is a Pug man?Man, what I would give to just have an hour with Peter Jackson over coffee..This was really beautiful, and very magical to see how they put all this together 
and laying all this out. Peter Jackson stands as one of the greatest Director of all
way better then George Lucas. Can,t wait to see the 3rd last movie Blog of The Hobbit. Here and now. the name of the last installment. 380 followers of Sauron were here.I LOVE the Hobbiton Blog!Its really nice to see the director walking around the real sets, talking about blocking of shots and camera angles...all the stuff that Lucas didn't do for the prequelsIs Reg Garside Sam's old gaffer?FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~0:35:57 wow looking at Peter Jackson during LOTR and now in the Hobbit, he looks so different. looks like he's lost weight.This is a great inside look into the Hobbit.

http://falconmovies.wordpress.com/3D...ugh...Are rugby fields the SI unit of area in New Zealand?The sky he points out at 1:01:51 is what you see behind Dol Guldur when Radagast enters it.:)Thanks for the annoying clicking noise... fucking thanks a lot.46:00 music from The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou ?
well same composer is my guess :)I am from New Zealand and I can confirm that we measure everything in rugby fields.29:37 That Guitar and Drum Solo tho :D29:40You are fake How is this related?FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~This kind of footage explains why my partner and I check out Youtube. It usually takes up a lot of my morning. HOWEVER most everyday people are slowly and gradually KILLING their dogs! The stuff pet food companies insert in pet food will cause cancer malignancy and makes pet dogs pass away young.. To help save your animal’s life you ought to look at Double Life Dog Diet (Try looking in Google.)

I’m sure happy I did!As opposed to all the movies that are real...?THE DWARF PLAYING AIR DRUMS I JUST---IT LOOKS LIKE A TURTLE WHO FELL ON ITS BACK No one else in this world can play galadriel. Cate is an angel. A real elfIs it just me or does peter jackson look like hes lost a lot of weight?Superrbbb...great work guysAlbert R. Broccoli :DI like how they played the theme of every place when they showed the Location (e.g. the Shire or Rivendell)LolLooks fun making the hobbit Brohoof!. /)Why?I have great respect to PJ's courage to test out the high frame rate shooting technique. Not every director dare take the risk.Love Christopher Lees little act at 0:33:36 :D :DWhat was with the James Bond references at 21:00?why 3D peter, terrible decisionfml
not gimli
jesus loves noone, because the jesus you're thinking of, and your 'god' never existed, good bye.WARNING! WARNING! Jesus is coming he died on the cross and rose again.Jesus promised to come back time is short he
 is not coming in another thousand years but in our generation.All biblical revelations are coming? true, 
BEFORE YOU REPLY ON HOW CRAZY I AM PLEASE TAKE THE TIME..... TYPE IN ON GOOGLE Bible prophecy videos 
and go down to the one that says FINAL EVENTS OF BIBLE PROPHECY.Jesus loves you amen. 
i wish i could be a part of the movie. wish to have bilbos swored and the ring. congratulations for the successful movie and good luck for the next chapter.
Touche.Pfft, it isn't a film if I'm not in it.That would be incredible. Purchasable hobbit holes to live in. I would pay a HUGE sum of money for one.It's strange seeing the Bag End sets on these low-quality cameras where it basically looks the same like Fellowship of the Ring.
But when it's filmed with the 48p cameras it gives it a whole new effect.Cant wait for the next hobbit movie part 2 and 3!Ori(: Hope he has a bigger part! I wish I were Ori so I could stand close to Kili <3 (:Thanks for posting! Glad I found these blogs! Woot! :)
 I agree29:38 thats...that is really disturbing if the scene is taken out of context..i love GandalfBeautiful. It's a thrill seeing how these things were made possible, witnessing Tolkienesque scenes and landscapes as they are brought to life and getting to "peek over Peter's shoulder" as far as the next movie is concerned. 
Also, dwarves in barrels. 
You just gotta love these guys, eh?Peter I love ucute Ori<3Why does Elijah Woods appear so thin?you know what....Peter has lost so much weight since LOTR he looks great! I'm sure that has helped him in directing and feeling good!:)love itpebble beach?
son of a ...@phexsyy yeah man i know what you mean ALSO! i think you would enjoy this game have a look: bit.ly/12dfFLj?=yzxxsWhere is Beorn house ?i love your comments and your profile pic yeselijah is 30 but he looks like a kid to metry google translate before you make retarded comments. good job and good movieYou mean 5/5 Stones xD....Wait that was from a Swedish Blogg(blog?)Isnt your profile pic racist or something near to that D:You can build one :DBut hes not gonna change and be a hobbit NEVER do you know how freaking long it takes to do their makeup :Pomdat ik nederlands ben (lol) :)are you dutch
are you dutch?
Faking vetI prefer 2D instead of 3D.are they filming sequels to the hobbit in this as well?362 orcsits now 362 OrksBecause of the 2 755 555 people who watched this video, you are the only one having a problem.Explain to me how can the problem be on my side if this is the only video on youtube that the audio is bad for me?I know how good the audio of this video is, so if you don't accept the fact that the problem is on your side, it don't really matter to me.No, the audio in this videos is horrible, your headphone and ears that are shitty!The audio is good but your ears or your headphone are shitty, the video is in stereo there's no problems.Yeah, you should do something about your shitty headphone too!Shitty right ear guy, you should do something about that.Peter Jackson could be perfect as a Hobbit.He's way skinnier than in the LotR filming *i'mI tired to live where i live. Please God, Make sure that after death there is a Paradise, called the Middle-Earth.I want a hobbit house!And youFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~I wonder if this film really made its money but more likely big budget productions like this don't gross enough but surely are a significant contribution in the art of films that will remain respected by the industry and the viewers.dfsdin one episode of doctor who river song said she hates wizard stories they always turn out to be the doctor. in the hobbit radaghast is played by Sylvester McCoy who also plays the 7th doctor.1:02:58 scared the shit out of meYou've got shitty ears!shitty audio!I wish I had 48 red epic cameras :(I wanna work there...This is so cool, they must make more.It was alot of falling in the movie perhaps that's the plot !?This is sooo cool!The trailer for the new movie is on my channel, thumbs up so everyone can see!This is awesomeCoolI assume you are talking about the actors, because the staff choose what they want to do and where they want to work. The people in tolkeins world are mostly pale skinned. Therefore he was staying to the books. I can't speak for Peter Jackson or singular people's views, but the general consensus of New Zealand is we don't actually give a fuck what colour you are. There is some bigotry, as there is in every country, but that is from the loud minority. 357*
My girlfriend lives in NZ, an hour's drive away from Hobbiton. I know that's not impressive for those of you who already live there, but for those of you here in the U.S., be jealous. Before I saw The Hobbit behind the scenes, I thought that all the magic was in thestudio!he look arround 15jesus christ elijah wood doesnt look 30Donnez nous votre avis sur le Hobbit ! 
L’objectif de cette étude est de recueillir l’opinion, la réaction et les sentiments du public vis-à-vis du film « Le Hobbit : un voyage inattendu ». Nous souhaiterions connaître l’avis de ceux qui ont aimé le film, mais aussi de ceux qui l’ont détesté ou n’ont pas aimé certains aspects de la production. Vous pouvez participer à cette étude ici : hobbitfr.tk. Cette étude devrait vous prendre environ 30 min. Attention, elle ne fonctionne pas sur Ipad.
Andy Serkis at 53.54!!!!! ;-))))
60 kilos of toilettepaper?!? Yeah, I believe it! :-D
4sum reason wen i hear the music of the shire i feel theres sumthing missing or lost in the world dnt no why i feel this way but i doI always laugh at 29:45 when Aidan just looks at the camera like, "Do you see what I have to deal with.."indeed"29:48" hilarious.They are actually saying, "A little bit to come." And Aidan's like repeating what Mark Hadlow a.k.a. Dori is saying. Yeah. ^^;does anyone know what they(aidan tuner and another dwarf) are saying at 25:29?stupidNostalgia probably. Idk, I kinda get what you mean. All of the guys in this video are for the most part done all their work long ago, and ya love the movies most likely. Watching the past, but it feels like it's also the 'present' in a way? Mind twist lol.Who is that... Odd little fellow? o_OOh, thank you so much for the effort! I think it's great that I know now both words, I meant the electrician btw, but like I said, it's good to know both! Thx!! oh my god... extremely... amazingggggggggggggggggggggggggg!!!!!!!
the film is really worth to watch with^-^ 
great movie :) i love everything.. 
quike Bilbo! i think nori and bifur are fighting for some Old tobby pipe weed they found in your bags!!Can someone please explain me what a 'Gaffer' is?
Because in my language it means 'someone who is gazing all the time' xD and I am just curious now what it actually means. :)The natives of New Zeland, the MaoriAmazingwhy do i feel so sad for watching this?
I went looking all i found where real d 3D glasses
Lolwho else when searching for their 3d glasses at 43:23 lol1:04:48  :D the sunglassesI am from NZ:-)  it really is beautiful perfect for the LOTRstotally i cant stop watching the hobbit its too epic!!Kiran Shah, who played Frodo's stunt double in LOTR, and Bilbo's stunt double in these films, is Kenyan. And in LOTR, Sala Baker was one of the main stuntmen. I'm pretty sure he was from Wellington. Watching some of the post-production vids I've seen non-white people. I'm not sure where you've heard about racial bias in Nz, but it's definitely not true :o)Who are the half naked people at the beggining?
I would invite kili he's super funny strong and cuteShooting the Hobbit looks like so much fun! And the places they visit are so beautiful...I wish I could be part of something like this...Man do I wish I was in that movie!I'd love to live in a hobbit house.fking love LOTRI like itsReally what other director would do this? Show us how everything is done. It's awesome.I want to go therethe location is so so beautiful :O oh the crew must have had so much funLove it. But i all of a sudden realized that in the whole blog there werent any black or non white people involved. No artist, actor, gaffer or what have you. This even when production took place in new zealand ( havent been there, im from Holland). Not to be an ass to bring it up in here but from other ppl i heard that theres is a problem with racial bias in nz. Anyone care to comment? Peter? ;-)The lady on the right at 55:08 looked like ryan stiles lolThreeSo is there 2 or 3filmsHello Every One!! I did a track inspired from Lord Of The Rings with improvised video here in my channel but if you like the music you can find it and listen for free just click on the link down to the video in the description or to every link here in my channel!! The name of the track is InterAstefanMechanic - Ambieonic Dream 
Enjoy! Thank youFirst. :3No that's bilbo, and the guy after him is gollumüber dislikes bei so einem video kann ich nur lachen :D08:40, was that supposed to be Fili? Did they change him? If someone could answer and explain, thanks :)I'd love to live in Hobbiton!its Orcs :]
Fantastic!! Thank you for uploading !!Fuck, it's already been a year!Aging: Jackson's doing it right.what happened to the first fili actor?Dafuq does that have to do with anythingHe lost so much weight, damnthanks for upploding this you made me verry happy :)This makes me wish I was in film making instead of sitting in an office all dayyes, there are going to be 2 more movies.342 people r Harry Potter fan!!!29:38  so cute xDSomeone please tell me that I wasn't the only person who burst into laughter at 31:26'who is that odd little fellow'Oh my god! Peter Jackson seriously lost weight!peter jackson is the best! the hobbit should have taken 20394897987243889787897878979878798797879793245643212343 oscars!
18:21 music: THE BEACONS OF MINAS TIRITH!, THE BEACONS ARE LIT!, GONDOR CALLS FOR AID!.smeagol has the same smile like daron malakianIt's so useless to watch that after the Hobbit an unexpected journey was released...is some of the behind the scenes clips in the second movieImpressionante, maravilhoso..
this movie when you're stoned is the best movie experience in my lifeClimbing a tree? why yes, it is in the book.the only other time i felt a movie as much as the hobbit was when i watched lord of the rings
Peter Jackson you are a legend 0:55:37 retiring!?!?, what about Bad Taste 2at 0:35:35 I'm sure, that is from the 2nd part of the The Hobbit trilogy, when they went to Mirkwood, Bilbo was told to climb a tree and look up aheadMy only complaint about this movie is that there are Orcs. In the book there were none, but I think they added that to add more action and make it more interesting. What I would do to be apart of this film production! I'd even just run coffees for Peter Jackson for free!I knew I'd forgotten something!!! Oh, and he's got a birds nest in his hat, that's another thing. and the fact that he has a sleigh pulled by rabbits!Lord of the rings and the hobbit one more movie the simalironAWSOME!!!!!!!!You sooo make me wish I were there!.... awesomeyes there is :)Sebastian the hedgehog...Nope...Am I the only one who has memorized Far Over The Misty Mountains Cold???Mr anderson....he lost so much wieghtSauron.Yes you are right hobbit for now!That incredibly magical moment when you see a scene on screen the EXACT SAME WAY as it was in your head ^_^some of the sets are not in an unexpectet journey, so maybe its for the desolation of smaug?!these blogs are awesome
i love this, wooooooooooooooooooooooowLove how the 12 days of Christmas was playing in the background during the list of animals being moved for location shooting. Gave me a good chuckle. When will the first video blog of the second movie come out? I can't help the impatience haha These blogs are just too good.omfg Dwalin is badass here.. and the actors last name is "McTavish" Like the guy from the Call of Duty series... but The Hobbit is so awesome.. especially the books WHO MADE ALL THESE ACCOUNTS?!?!?!?!Koh u mat"Khozd-shrakhun gud sha kilyash-zag"The hobbit is so greatRespect,.I like the hobbitAdd to bucket list: visit Hobbiton. awesome
What a wonderfull cast and crew, and a great movie. Peter Jackson is awesome!yahThere will be three movies.the audio is really badyesBest film ever.!!!!very nice film
Damn the years were not kind...@Bob Geddon just feels weirdConan Stevens PLEASE come back as Gregor Clegane in Game of Thrones now!Oh! It's Arabic, so it's all the way over on the right. According to Google Translate (so take this with a grain of salt), the person was just stating a religious belief that seems rather irrelevant to the video.actually they have changed the release date for the third movie it will nowq be out in december 2014i would really would want to act in a lotr movie for free if i just couldwhy are the movies xoming out so seperate since the first one ame allready but the second one is coming the next winter and the third 2014 summerwooow is that the father of thorins at 59:50 ??? or is it balin?Oh yeayou don't know how many i will give to be with you and see how you make hobbit :-(
3 things that make Radagast awesome!
1. His house is built around a tree.
2. Sebastian... need I go on?
3. The simple fact that Sylvester McCoy is just as crazy as his character.
"To meet Doctor Who fans... from Spain!" 
GO RADAGAST! GO SEBASTIAN! AAAAHHH!!!!! :) :) :) 13:52 To meet Doctor Who fans... Oh I love you Seventh! ah okay thanks :) i wondered :D Thorin has such an amazing voice...Stunt doubles/lookalikes/for far camera views etc.WTF?!?!?!?!at 0:32:29 

 why are there two of every character O.o did is miss something ? O.o sry .. 
dont understand it :) There is no such thing as a quiet weekend when Irish people are involved Thorin DiesStfu Gollum you're dead48 RED epics! I just started dribbling uncontrollably....Who wants to bet someones going to end up paying like a billion dollars to live at Baggend sorry if I spelt that wrong :PMirkwood looks nothing like I imagined :( But its a good movie0:29:36  DWARF METAL oh my god that's so amazing, i want to ar in the hobbiton thing so bad..... i love the hobbit so much. plus, I'm amazed at all those people's works to make the movie! :D RESPECTI can't believe Andy Serkis co-directed the film!It's true everyone! I joined the site and now I am dating Ann Hathaway and I bath in caviar every day. I watch The Hobbit yesterday, I'm a huge fan of the LOTR trilogy, and was a little apprehensive to see if PJ could continue the quality of his previous work! I thought the standard through the LOTR trilogy improved noticeably, PJ has evolved and learned to improve his craft and story telling, The Hobbit has shown that Jackson is a brilliant director, the battle scenes have a ruggedness and a flow that was seen in Return of the King, his story telling fits together seamlessly. Great Film!!  Woahhh very smart producerUnfortunately I am German, so when I first saw him and that was lately in The Hobbit it was his eyes that caught me. But his voice is veeery pleasant indeed! :DIt's the voice, the voice that gets you!He's like a basilisk. Once you've seen his eyes you're lost! :P48 RED Epics... I came at that point...ohhhhhhhhhhh
@obejyuj yeah one of my fav atm! DUDE! im loving this game even more beware you might get addicted: bit.ly/YeP9Ob?=bdjccthe ONLY person i recognesed was bilbo THE YOUNG ONE!!!Martin's jacket is an unfortunate shade of blue to go with those brown trousers.hehe, Alle haben Kaffeetassen in der Hand ;-)youtube.com/watch?v=UUckyiDfD_w - check her piano cover of "Rohan theme" from LOTR! She's great because she has never got piano lessons! onestamente questo video sponsorizzato da un politico italiano fa veramente schifo!!!!!
vaffanculo storace pezzo ci merda e usurpatore... adesso vuole legalizzare anche l'erba... gente che come loro l'ha vietata anche come droga leggera.... fottiti storace di merda!!!!!
Would be amazing to be part of something like thishow can people dislike this its greatRichard Armitage, I love you.Does the virus come with it or do I have to buy it too?8:29 James May came back in time?they filmed all 3 of them in 1 hit and split it up in 3 parts.60 kilos of toilet paper.wow watching this was as fun as watching the actual movie..Holy shit! I just now realized that Dwalin is actually cutter from Uncharted 3@25:46 - 25:50 I CANT XD haha the making is almost more epic than the movie itselfOh god Richard, stop making me fall in love with you >_<dafuq?17:26 OMFG dat landscape! I want to live there nowi love this film
At 0:08:11 i find it interesting how Rob (original Fili) and Aidan are sat so far away from each other. Yet now, when you see recent interviews, Dean and Aidan are always sat right next to each other. So, in my own opinion, i think that could show Dean and Aidan got on better than Rob and Aidan did. Also i think that Dean and Aidan's friendship worked well for Fili and Kili in the movie, not that i hate Rob but im glad the casting was changed! haha 29.40I love your username.if they can do the troll's they can do borin Skin-changerthey were scrapped like all movie sets so that other movies could be filmed in that studio. also peter jackson wasn't planning on ever making the Hobbit after he finished lotr.Am I crazy and just totally missed the part in TH:AUJ where Bilbo is walking up the steps to the Shards of Narsil? I saw that part in the trailer but I swear it wasn't in the first movie and just assumed it was going to be in part 2 or 3 but shown in the trailer for part 1. If it was in part 1, I strangely have no memory of seeing that scene. I only remember it from the trailer and I specifically noted to myself later that I hadn't seen it in the actual movie. Anyone?I don't believe anyone 11 years ago could have predicted they'd return to Middle Earth to make The Hobbit. Most film crews destroy the sets when shooting is done, simply because there is no place to store them. In fact Peter Jackson said in one of the E.E that he personally paid for storage of the Bag End set.hows the after life treating you, I wouldn't know because what actually happened at mount doom never happened in the movie or the books. Frodo,Bilbo and I set aside our differences and smoked a big bowl of the finest weed in the shire, while eating a bowl of cheetos.Did Peter Jackson gain weight as through each blog33:36
Christopher Lee is such a boss. Turning the most ordinary shots into an epic camera sweep.Best movie of 2012This movie suckedHAHAHA! /watch?v=4qOKqzgGO2UHAHAHA! /watch?v=4qOKqzgGO2USuper bien je vous conseille d aller le voir peter Jackson  est un  réalisateur !au revoir et bon film !You're"
K.EPIC HAIR FLIPPING AT 00:57:40I don't understand something, because i'm german, but the video is great, thanks for uploading:)Yep.. sometimes I just feel like I need to stop. Wtch the sky and do like I'm part of a kind of LOTR adventure.. x)Elrond made the biggest impression on me.  Peter made the Elfs look even more majestic than in the Fellowship. I remember coming across this just in September! I nearly shat myself with excitement lol then watched it before going to the Hobbit midnight premiere :)In the beginning both Peter and Andy look so fresh and happy.  In the mids they booth look to start looking pretty haggard and desperate for sleep!  And you have to eat a lembas every time Peter has a cup of tea in his hand! Am i the only one who feels like just giving Peter Jackson a hug.Fili and Kili were awesome in the book too. Too bas they died defending Thorin...Awesome! :Dorlando bloom...I like filli and killi there cool charactersthat's what he saidSetI went to theThey are the most amazing people ever! I miss they did this for LOTRJe to dobry??
Will there be more for the next film?18:20 rohan theme boyaDADDYYY!!! =D Fuck the 320 person of twilight fanswhy u watching this video then u subway meltThis makes me want to go to new zealand nowactually they didn't "come up" with this movie. this was a book, along with Lord of the Rings, and were both created nearly ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO. The hobbit was attempted to be made before Lord of the Rings, but they were unable to film it beforehand because of copyright problems. Now, after 10 years, they have finally surpassed that and are bringing die-hard fans what they've been waiting for. so learn your facts before you open your mouth. not every movie is a money milker like harry potter.Do you even lift?Bilbo fought a dragon, goblins, trolls, and more. All you did was cry when you didn't have food and when Gollum bit your finger.peniswhen i have enough money i'm going to build this house in new zealand. .Everybody lets just think about who the actual sexy boss is.According to Wikipedia they finished filming in July last year. But this video was released in march, but they talk about all 3 movies. How?It's so weird to look at these and see a different Fili!59:45 lol love how the helicopter air almost blows them off the mountainsure was.  old habits eh?Was that the Wilhelm scream that i heard in the background at 33:44? Oh Peter, you thug :PWho do you think you are?When Bombur started playing the air guitar and air drums.... I died.I know you suffer, I see it day by day. Are you sure you do not suffer needlessly? There are other ways, Frodo, other paths we might take. 29:33 best part"Hasta la vista" omg pete has lost much weight the last 10 years That was awesome i watched that whole thing so much awesome thing you never knew
Peter has gotten a lot thinner since LOTR petet jackson THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!They say Kili is the handsome dwarf, but they forget Fili and Bofur. ;)*you're

I 've just corrected Froddo's grammar... :O!I'm afraid I've lost it33:38 dammit Saruman .. u scared meI wasn't thinking about Smaug, that does make sense. Tho, I think they would have been able to do it, 10+ years ago, it would have cost a lot more, obviously; so, maybe they saw it as cost effective to put off The Hobbit, the first book, until after the trilogy.0:38:09

Yaaay!He wasn't able to get the production rights to The Hobbit for a number of years. I was at a panel at Comic-Con in 2005 and they had said he had been trying for a number of years to get the rights, but was repeatedly turned down. I guess people saw the success of the Lord of the Rings trilogy and decided to finally give him the production rights! 27:47 "We've all discovered our inner dwarf"
I love, love, love, love, LOVE the New Zealand accent.i def relate to Bilbo more than Frodo. because i read the Hobbit long before i read the LOTR books back when i was a kid. hell, i must have read the Hobbit 5-8 times before then, and when you are that young, it makes a much bigger impression on you and you tend to favor those experiences more than later ones. plus, Bilbo is a more well rounded, funny character. Frodo is kinda one dimensional and emo. at least in the movies anyways. but thats just what i think about it.umm, most of them look to be in their 30's..... they couldnt do all those action sequences if they were all old -_-Anyone else noticed that he's talking bout 'Faramirs Death' when talkin bout 'Paradise' and that they show us BOROMIRS death....Like if you watched the full thing!nothing wrong with it, but isn't it weird that most of the crew is old?EpicOmg I laughed so hard at Ian McKellen at 6:02 - 6:07
"Don't you agree?"   "......Uhm..*cuts out*" xD Lmfao.Thorin, Kili and Fili are hot but Ori is sooo cute.33:37 Oh, there I am! I knew I was somewhere!This is my no.1 favorite movieIndeed!Indeed!Indeed!Indeed!Oh god, I think the part that killed me was 38:11
"Are we having fun?"
cast: "yaaaaaaaaaay"i need to see the second part, but we have to wait :(Im sorry but we all know tolkein is the sexy bossgreetings :)
Hope that you make a movie of the sillmarilion to10:02 epic shotUncle, I looked way better than you, and pass over the pipe and get of the Internet your making me lag.Peter Jackson Has PUGS!Shut it, hobbit.127 for 3 filmsWe have it soo tough eh? Mentally, that is. I feel rather alienated by our society in general, and i have a general disliking towards humanity. Kinda sucks to be human, thenI LOVE LORD OF THE RINGS 
i just hate the fact that they shot the whole movie in front of a green screen, it makes the movie look a little fake if you compare it to the lord of the rings, and i love lotr, so it was a bit disapoiinting, but nevertheless i liked the hobbit, it was actually a funny movie, but i would have prefered. it in 2D and not 3 but anyhow its still a good movie but not as the triology of the LOTRironic how Bilbo's chair is smaller then Gollems
0:43:29 anyone looked at that with 3d glasses? it looks awesome! :Oi love peter jackson..is it just me or does the actor who plays thorin look alot like hugh jackman?myrkvid is accually an icelandic word which means darkness. its written "myrkvið" on icelandic.At the beginning... LOOK AT AIDAN'S BEARDcool I hoppe the second film will be iven better then the first one becose the first one whas awsomeOh my goodness i want a job D: its so cool.The hobbit inspired me to write a book, I'm working on it nowthank you so much for this video. i really enjoyed itNo amount of words can describe my love for Martin Freeman's fashion sense.I love you. Would you marry me, Bilbo Baggins?43:25 - i do have a pair... holy shit!!pena que não vi o filme no cinema
29:40 dwarf metal \m/ !OMG peter jackson named all his cameras~!You will be chase by women all over the world
Pretty precise!0:45:00 Bilbo wields a lightsaber! lol =))
I love them making production videos. Such a great insight to how big-budget films get madeas far as I could say, all three films are finished by now. They're just releasing them one at a time.oh my god richard is totally adorable when he's tryna speak maori60 kilos of toilet paper lolMy sister thinks Kili is the SEXIEST DWARF!!Andy Serkis is amazing! love it
0:31:12 Gimli meets his father48 Red Epics? That's nearly a million dollars in cameras alone.29:37 for Metallicaitss 48 frames per  second..and it makes for a smoother look by adding frames between regular frames to make for smoother movements. and also the higher the frame rate the more natural it looks. (more like real life then a screen)I was waiting for that! hahaim not a big fan of the 40 FPS its kinda weird.... its makes things look like their moving quickly and makes the (usualy) cool effects look almost silly or stupid!! it also makes things seem to move faster and its almost sickening and disorienting!i love this i can watch this a million times and never get bored. i love the matallica part where kili, bombur, and dwalin are heavy metal screaming the song. LMFAO!!!!!!
 Herr der Ringe ist der bester film aller Zeiteneither he is gaining weight back or its extra skin FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~yesWow really awesome. I loved the film, absolutly my favorite.MARTIN FREEMAAAAAAAAAN. <3 omfg. <329:44 YES! OMG! YES! nuff said.36:15 - Best image of Ian McKellen yet."Is this going to be in the movie" That made me lol1:19 - Hello broer! 
South Africa representing ^_^
Elijah Wood Looks like 10 years ago... *-*Woo, i watched the whole thing without falling asleep! Just too epicShowing parts of the 2nd and 3rd movieyou we're bad-ass in the movie!yes he seemed to have at the very beginning when he was talking but then through the blog he seems heavier, i wonder if the intro was done later on, after he had lost the weight, looks greatamazing isnt it, never agesAs worn out as sekis looks I can only imagine what Peter Jackson is feeling. Haha :D so damn cool! 23:47 His smile just gets bigger and bigger.I do say indeed you do.Just need to see some video blogs featuring Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman for Desolation of Smaug now...Peter?30:07 Magneto!AMAZING!!! 
~Elena~Aidan's smile at 25:38 OMG *_*It says on Wikipedia that Kazinsky dropped out due to personal reasons. And by the way it sounds in the article, they had already started filming because when Kazinsky left, Peter Jackson focused on scenes that included Bilbo and not the dwarves so he would have time to cast another actor as Fili. I am glad, though too! Dean O'Gorman is the perfect Fili :D He and Aidan are simply wonderful together.Bombur- Doesn't say a single line the whole movie, still loved unconditionally by everyone.They must have had to re-shooted the bag end scene, since Robert Kazinsky was replaced by Dean O'Gorman as Fili, I wonder when they did that, cause i'm pretty sure Kazinsky still on when they first started filming. 
It was a good thing though! Dean O'Gorman is great as Fili and he and Aidan Turner (who plays Kili) are like brothers in real life too, they are the perfect dwarf brother duo! -3I do say I look great.You may be cool.

But you'll never be as cool as Peter Jackson With a  CHocolate milkshake

0:01:14@29:38 LETS ROCK!!!!!!!!
So good to see gandalf without wearing his costume XDWho would call it a head butt it's not even agressive are you even from Nz geeseI know u just don't let just anyone in these movies but I would love to be in any of your movies this was amazingBomfur playing air guitar at 29:37 made me laugh out loud in my university library. amazing what you can do if you have hundreds of millions of dollars to spend.this is not a place for self-promotion, goodbyehe was barely in the movie dudeuuups, watched the whole vid xD29:40
Bombur freaking out!!
AMAZING!!!!! 
:DDDDDDDPeter is the Hobbit directing Hobbits.Retire in Hobbiton? AMAZING!!!!!nice place,,New Zealand is such a GORGEOUS place!For playing the actual Hobbit, Martin Freeman is in a shockingly small amount of this hour-long video blog haha.You're welcomeHuh... that would be cool, but I think it would have a far more limited audience than LotR & The Hobbit. That series of movies would cover SO much material that, let's face it, a lot of Tolkien fans never got around to reading. But I know I'd enjoy it. :DThat awkward moment when The Seventh Doctor becomes an eccentric wizard called Radagast...The children of Hùrin is definitely worth it for making a movie, it's so epic!Were the fuck is Elijha woods ?
i wish they would also make  the 
silmarillionWhoops! I just spoiled it for myself!

It's okay though. I'm not a jerk about spoilers, especially since I read on dispite your warning. XDThis... is just... indescribable. i disagree completley i would love to party with dwarfsIm VERY well aware of that.... It was the first thing I wanted to check for before I went to see the movie

Though then again... Legolas is supposed to be in it for a bit from what I have read

And hes neither in the book or even mentioned at all right? soooooosimpsons0:25:46 I am in convulsions, I adore Adam, he's such a sweetheart. I'd take his cardigans any day!Could someone please explain to me what the forehead to forehead greeting means and where it came from?294 orcs!That made my day
Thanks :DGimli was not in the book's of the Hobbit... thats why he isnt in The Movie.. Am I the only one who wish that Peter Jackson would have added in Gimli to this one aswell

The movie is just beyond EPIC already but having him in the movie aswell would had made it even better am i the only one who wants to live in bilbo's house?!capos
Man, Peter Jackson has lost A ALOT of weight!Wow how lucky these guys were to get to be involved with this!!! SPOILER ALERT: Kili and Fili are even better looking without the dwarf make up!!!  I bet they will have a really affecting scene when those two die in film 3 because those 2 are like Pippin and Merry in LOTROMG A CAMERA IS NAMED LIKE ME^^peter jackson is small as a hobbitMy right ear is not cooporatingBEST MOVIE (except lotr) EVER!!! :DJust watched the original movie.MINDBLOWN!!AMAZING.They share my accent!35:32 I'm thinking that's when Bilbo pokes his head out the top of the trees of Mirkwood in the second movie.Wow, now i know why it takes up to two years to make movies like this or LOTR. I never thought about how much work is behind all this and how many people are needed for such a movie production. 
And btw... New Zealand is sooo awesome and has some of the most beautiful landscapes i've ever seen... <3I am in love with my yellow and black umbrellaCheck out a new channel,
BoogedybearIt amazes me how much work there is to these movies! ALL the people who are working on these...all the writers, costumers, music, grip, CGI...etc, etc....our ticket price is truly small!So amazing to see all these actors and Peter Jackson together in Bilbos house... it makes me very happy!YeahYou may be cool. 
But you are never as cool as Gandalf with 3D Glasses.
0:36:14thanks, found it at 37:38 :)Me: :'( but it is 2013lmao.. well just be yourself its nothing wrong with that =)Are Frodo 30 years old!? :O 51:32Are those oakley 3D glasses? Damn PJ doesn't fuck around.that was awesome.Dwarfs these days...1:05:00 - damn i dropped my sunglasses... ok, just keep it goingI jumped out of my seat at the sight of the troll at 1:04:10There are dwarves of dwarves... Dwarveception!how the hell did you notice that?!oh my..I wonder if he'll do "The Silmarillion" and "The Children of Húrin" next... but I guess by that stage they'll be a little worn out.New Zeland is beautiful! I want to goHaha excuse me, I took it wrong! And indeed, he looked a bit.. Childish to me :\uhm, i dont know if you said it to me, but i was actually agreing with you. I agree the fact that evil ones was, just, coudl be little more dark and actually dangerous. I mean like holy shit that goblin king was a total joke>.>yep its a pre-equal and is actually way more fun. frodo was just a bit depressing as a characteryep this movie suppose to be the beginning of TLOTR before the other 3Im gonna start calling Peter Jackson PJHobbitable.It is so weird watching the first production blogs after having seen the movie. In the first video you can see Aidan Turner had grown a larger beard on his own than he ultimately had in the movie. You also see the different actor that was cast as Fili, Rob Kazinsky, doing rehearsals.These production blogs are like a movie all their own. Post-production is like the Extended Edition content. :DSo the hobbit house is actually habitable?@Godsgift4699Uh, they were agreeing with you.Far over, the misty mountains cold. To dungeons deep, and caverns old. The pines were roaring, on the heights. The winds were moaning, in the night. The fire was red, it flaming spread. The trees like torches, blazed with light.13:49 
The Doctor finally goes to Barcelona 
I'm sorry for giving my opinion ... As I said "with all respect" . Clearly some people don't know the meaning of that.this, so much this.I don't want to be ungrateful for their hard work. With all respect I hope they'll make the evil creatures more intimidating the next movie. Like the rest of the movies, so the characters would seem braver too. Tolkien would B proud 2 see this Elijah Wood: "... I´m thirty now." And you haven´t aged a day, baby!!! xDAbout 57:47 at least when? ^^
i know that feel bro, Dwalin looks like an average metal dad :D29:29 \m/O_O\m/Unless the movie had flopped :PLove the "clicking" sound. amazing video love it,
Please watch "cute kids do films-titanic" on my channel fatsweeps its had some great reviews hope you like it, let me know what you think :)Awsome movie,cant`t wait the next part :D29:37 hahahahahahahahhaHe does about 57 minutes into the video.when does he?
the second part of the movie was really annoying because peter kept eating all the muffins!!!!!!!  awwwwww love it!!!!! <3Wait so how can you go see it so it looks like someone 'cut a hole' in the movie theater? Are all of them like that or is this one of the IMAX features? 36:15 Gandalf with shades :Doh i havent got the damn glasses(43:00)
Woah! Woah! Woah! Woah! Woah! Bullshit alert! I've seen the Hobbit 3 times it's damn amazing.0:43:28 AMAZING!!!I know right! :DI waited 57 minutes for that. It was fantastic...
I love that Peter Jackson is creeped out by his own props.Omg LOL i didn't know Peter Jackson had lost so much weight since the creation of the Two Towers holy crap i barely saw that it was him. xDThey have already shot the  third movie!!!!!.Love it when Thorin flips his hair, so does his horse. XD *Equally majestic!*Yeah, I read that the original actor, Rob Kazinsky, was forced to leave the crew and return home "for personal reasons". I'm really happy though for the new actor of Fili, he has a huge amount of charisma Did I understand it correctly. They've already shot the 2nd Hobbit movie?i just realized that Fili was played by someone else at the beginning... different actor?Because he is 11 years older than 19. Hope this helps. Oh I'd just been there... Sorry Thorin!this is awesome, the hobbit is awesome, and everything about this is awesome
How is Elijah Wood 30?*Tolkien. 

I personally thought Peter Jackson did a wonderful job in making this movie as good as it is. If you didn't like it that's fine, but I don't think you worked for 18 months on this movie. Peter jackson and the other cast members did, so maybe you should just respect how much work they put in to this movie, even if you didn't like it.OMG! Thorin and Kili are really hot!What was the barrel sceneI went to see this movie and left after a short while...I do not understand how an accredited director can complicate a great story by adding charactors or script that was not in the book..never mind all the Orcs and extra non essential crap that was added..Shame on you Jackson!  You let your ego drive this into the crapper!  Stick to the Tolkin story line....You are a director Obviously Not a Writer!There are people who claim to see no difference between 24 and 48 frame rates, and to them, I'd recommend an unexpected journey to the eye doctor.Yeah, of my memory, using the mini-scale doubles were one of their techniques for shots with other characters that were taller than the dwarves or the hobbits.Holy crap Aiden with tons of facial hair!!!einfach nur geil!!! :)
29:35think its because they only have a few scenes when the dwarves are compared in size to other things, so thats when they use the mini versions, but im not sure....That's good that they made hobbiton real,people would have something to look forward to after the movies are completetedI removed my comment, but it was only in the first part of the documentary. Gets better.Peter Jackson sort of looks like a hobbiti get it to...We are an Swedish charity company made up entirely by students, 5 exactly.
The goal we have is to build a well somewhere in Africa, more info on this will come later when our site has been made.
This channel is a dare channel where I will put myslef in harms way for your enjoyment so that ultimately we can earn enough money to build the well.
First dare is up so comment on what I should do next.
Your views helps other people so stay tuned and Get-Well!

Psychedelic Sludge? Good, good. no there are 3. they were originally gonna do 2 but now it's 3I with there had been more Martin Freeman and Richard Armitage in it, but this was great! Is there anymore for the movie, or is this it?"There's a chopper behind me isn't there?" thwomp thwomp thwomp THWOMP THRFRRUUSSHHHwho is that odd little fellow? lolI give you Academy Award for these blogs.21:20 ahahaAw Sylvester is such a cutie omgP O L S K A ! ! !yang indo jempolin dong. Si Ants Farrel as best boy. Dia sebut Bali XDFunny fact, i saw The Hobbit before The Lord of the Rings =(Thank you so much for giving us these. Watching how much fun the cast and crew enjoy making these movies (despite difficulties) really is a privilege. I feel content inside knowing how much love went into these. Can't wait to see the rest!No two more, one this year in december, and then next year in julybut come ther one more movie?Just wondering: What kind of a job is "Best Boy"? :D43:28 haha :D it is really working! Amazing!I decided for the best film of the year, I was soo sure that there will come no better one than that - and then The Hobbite came and it was all over :D not just the best film of the year, indeed one of the best films I have ever seen! I take my hat off to you, Mr Jackson! You surpassed yourself!28:42 It's Geroge Lucas :)One of my fav movieI love how Richard talks first in the beginning. True to Thorin's leadership :)Hahaha I agree!1:08:24 wasted time?? NEVER I REGRET NOTHING <3 <3 <3 CANT WAIT TO SEE THE SECOND FILM!also 33:38 "Who is that odd little fellow?" this entire cast kills me29:47 "It's Metallica" i'm crying oh my god57:38 Epic hair flick!13:50

My reaction: "WHAT THE?!" *Spits his drink.* "I didn't even know he was in the Movie!" Seriously, that's why I hate german dubs. I'd have recognized his voice at once, but I only saw the german one!that was just amazing, wow !God, the new youtube is fucking shit.can someone please explain me what was the dance at 7:30 about?29:37 can someone explain to me why this excellent shot of Bombur was not put into the film?it was so funny
Martin Freeman, I really like you, but STOP DRESSING AS A GAY.Yeah there's an anyoing clicking soundDon't you think it will win several oscars? =(I hope they have the part where galadriel tears down dol goldur: show how powerful she really is No.Just noIs something wrong with the audio? My right ear feels wierd when listening to this.Ah I wish Bofur falling off the chair was in the filmmy goodness new zealand is beautiful..they should do saurons backstory about how he was an abandoned child growing up in the slums of brazil, until he realised his dream to become a dark lord and make it big in mordor. Keanu Reeves could be the older sauron, the younger sauron could be portrayed by oscar nominee jaden smith. Guest appearances by will smith, Brad Pitt, Tom cruise and Morgon Freeman. We could call it " A Tear in the midst of Mordor" or in French "Une larne au milieu de Mordor".  =Ddo you want bilbo ? =-3Oh. My. God!!!!! The 8th Doctor at 13.50!I'll tell you, it's a real challenge trying to watch that at 5 AM and not wake up the whole house with laughter. XDI think my favorite part of this entire video is Andy Serkis at 47:16-47:18

Just a very quick shot of him skipping through the flowers!!!  He looks so happy!!!!When they said Aiden (Killi) was the sexy dwarf... i was like hell yes!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 AIDEN AND KILLI 4EVA!So I am. I did refresh the page to make sure that the comment I was warning against was still there, but the order and refreshing of youtube comments is a strange business. Thanks for pointing out.i think you'll find your wrong.FILLI AND KILLI DIE AT THE END?! 

NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!

STOP THIS NOW PETER JACKSON!!!!Kili came on screen...

I died from heat stroke...watch?v=v9abtdqpLNk see that !!Der Hobbit ist so ein geiler Filmmaybe the foot in cave was gollums maybe the hobbit and lord of the rings are true :OThank god that Hugo still was Elrond and Kate was Galadrier! What does the name "best boy" mean?Its really funny but a bad quality. Maybe its just by me I dont know...The end is the funniest ;)By far the best movie of the year. This is the only movie you need Yes it is Your face ruin nails and hair.Pfft, says you.

Enought to have a Bilbo in it.Well, I believe he lost a huge amount of weight around the time he filmed King Kong, I didn't even recognise him when I saw an interview with him around that time. It actually seems like he has put on a few pounds since then although he is still slimmer than his lord-of-the-rings-days...Mr Frodo?Peter lost a lot of weightgoodTHAT THEY WERE MADE HOT BECAUSE THEY ALL ***********I love your faceKili is hot, but Thorin is actually Hotter.. Oh no,I can see something terrible in the future. What is it? It's clear to me now ! (Can't spoil, sorry, read the book..)Peter is just so Kiwi, real casual when he talks.29:38 Nuff' said.It took me a minute to recognize Peter Jackson....he's lost alot of weight.gandalf with sunglass 0:36:13Ups Hobbit 2... 38:10
I dont understand how do the people who make this movies makes the people look very little. 
he started thin and ended fat... way to go peteIts for those that want more depth in a video scene, its optional to the viewer just go watch it in 2D or 3DMan what I would give to be a part of this movie. If it ment running up and down and doing useless time consuming things like cleaning, making tea, delivering food etc I would do it in a hearbeat and for free aswell! Looks like a whole load of fun!Gandalf Looks Badass wearing 3D glasses at 0:36:140:29:40 XDDAT FACE @ 0:24:50Metallica version xD3D is a horrible thing, why do they insist on using them so much these days?Everyone in/making this film is so fucking cute.And you have internet... also weirdYou're kinda snobbishmean to show the scean stage is an amazing idea gj . The move i cool ,a bit not finished , 
is it going to be continued ?????This is Metallica vision 29:36 ;DCan anyone tell me where I can find the score that has the part 20:20 'till 20:40 in it :)?I agree!<3 RICHARD ARMITAGE.i am completely out of the mapMy bad... I didn't know that.... LoL...Y u no help the dwarves fight the dragon?Its very real in me heart sir great Thorin II.Oh dear sweet lord, whoever that might be. I wish could work on this movie. I'd do anything, I would've been so cool. A lifechanging experience.halt doch die fresse wenn du dich für das nicht interressirst dann schau das video halt nich!!herr der ringe ist wohl der grösste Schwachsinn! Ich meine die Verfilmung von Peter Jackson! X Filmfehler und das alle paar minuten! Ich hätte gewollt das es Steven Spielberg macht!gandalf all chilling with his hat n shit
*waiting quite impatiently for The Desolation of Smaug*This new "HF3D" thing SUCKs! Everything looks so unreal and stupid.

PJ, thank you for ruining this movie. Also please kill your drunken camera-man.
dafuqI wonder if he lost his sunglasses 1:05:00The actor for fili dropped out so dean o'Gorman came inAMAZING!Why do they have so much blurred out porn in their studio?I'm reading the hobbit and this makes me want to see the moviethis is amazingDamn and I thought Fili and Kili were cute in costume!Pfft, it isn't a film if I'm not in it.0:29:36 my favorite scene :))Timei think peter jackson looks different somehow but dunno how. its been so long since the lotr behind the scenes hes not holding up wellThank you so so much for uploading this! As a New Zealander, it's amazing to be able to watch them go around the various (and absolutely gorgeous) locations :DI loved the Hobbit, but I actually wish I saw it in 2D instead of 3D, I had problems watching it in 3D compared to most 3D movies, no idea why, probably because of all the video effects and stuffs, had to remove the glasses to rub my eyes many times during the film.Jackson without the glasses is odd Bombur is the most iconic dwarf ever <3Shy asses haha :DHes from New Zealand or Ausrtalia isnt he?I have the feeling, as someone who comes from the Netherlands, that Peter Jackson speak english with a german accent.. its really weird..Ugh... Is it December yet? :)))I was not planning to go ;) Sorry I was forgetting some people are very easily entertained :)Just watching Jackson say that he'd love to retire to Hobbiton is so wonderful, it's my sentiments exactly, the very feeling I had when watching Fellowship of the Ring for the first time, It truly felt like the most idylic peaceful amazing little village ever, and if that isn't successful filmmaking I don't know what is!Don't You Agree? *20 seconds Later* 
Gandalf: Erm...If your mother language isn´t english you can´t understand some ppl. like the newzeland guys... it would be nice if you would made some subtitle next time!Are we having fun? *everyone smothered in spiderweb* Yaaaay...I'm so, so fucking happy!!!!NEVEEERRRRRR!!!!!!!! MUAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAH! Is it secret? Is it Safe? *farts*This is an hour? Can someone please just tell me when Fili and Kili come in! <3In what ways would you have it improved?I love how Elijah looks like he hasn't aged at all48 RED EPICS!!!! HOW MUCH DID THAT COSTthe movie is amazing !!!para los que leimos el libros el hobbit, revelaron algunas escenas de la segunda parte de la pelicula ajaja 00:35:35   00:38:13  00:43:29   00:44:27  I can't believe you came to Nelson and I didn't knowwwwwwwI had heard the movie The Hobbit by the friend its really touch everybody.I totally got my 3d glasses out :3Somehow they present middle earth in this blogs as a  film set. Like it wasn't real... weird.What about me? I'm the real badass!Yup, the sound is proper FUBAR.... the sound is really anoyingly edited... it's more focused on the left side of my headphones... so it feels like my right ear is left out untill i take off the left side then i suddenly hear the right sideI clicked this thinking it was 1 minute and 8 seconds.

Definitely not...Actually, it was an book :PHoly Shit! It's Magneto!!Its Sean from EastEnders!14.00 BELFAST!!!!! YEOOOOWow i wish i could be part of something like this.  But nowadays it's too complicated to drop everything and pursue your dreams, too many things to worry about.did they cut out all of mirkwood? 

:II didnt see bret mackenzie!!!Who was that u replyed to? What did he/she say? ahhh I love Hugo Weaving!!Well then don't go to the other two. DERPlol Gandalf wearing 3D glasses @36:14dude seriously stfu25:45 best part EVER!!!!!Worst movie of Peter ever, bad acting, lame 3d stuff, lame action parts, not exciting, very predictable and gandalf who always has the perfect timing.(always)
Also the goblins and orks are really computeranimated, its boasting with technology makes it more of a fail. Really dissapointed :( 
The worst thing is that theyr making three of these :(30:02 I would invite kili, fili, and radagastMovie is the best :D0:7:30 ELVISH LANGUAGE :D0:38:10 Are we having fun? Yaaaaaaaaaaayyyy! :DD0:11:16 how the fuck did Jacko put so much weight back on. But to be honest Peter being fat actually suits him, better than looking like a child molester.You can see Peter Jackson expand over time.Peter Jackson should have played one of the dwarves. At least he wouldn't have needed a smaller size double ;)it's another masterpiece from Peter Jackson.CAN NOT WAIT FOR SECOND MOVIE !!!oh kili, you perfect specimen <3Kili and fili are damn hot. And ori cute=]Andy Serkis cries at 20:10 :( Hope its tears of joy!@ 46:44 that is the same music from the Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou.
I find it amusing that Andy Serkis is involved in the directing and filming as well as playing Gollum.THIS IS AWESOME!!!!YES! now i have sth to do in next hour <336:18 gandalf with a 3D glaces :-)kili! xx"who is that odd little fellow?"No, it's because the hobbits age much slower then humans. Only Bilbo was "preserved" by the Ring, as he was the ringcarrier than. At age 111 Bilbo looked like a normal 70-80 year old hobbit. Frodo wasn't the ringcarrier for so long, that it could have an effect on his aging.Peter sure lost some weight omgis that peter jackson? If so, where's the rest of him?k i have watched it 3 times now and still LOVE IT!!!!"Which dwarf do you want to invite to dinner?"

Well... thats's easy.. KILI <3 because he is just the hottest dwarf <3
Man those New Zealand dinosaurs... Vicious creatures.kk90)(0*86^:&,Rob Kazinsky got fired,  for not fitting the part.He is 33 years old during Lord of the Rings, but he has LIVED 50 years. It's different this time :)How is it a spoiler?Actually Frodo (not the actor) is about 50 years old during the Lord of The RingsFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~"and we have 48 red one epic cameras" LOL!! each of those costs around 25 thousand without the lenses, gear, screen, etc, 25 thousand just for the brain of the camera.. Talk about moneyMcCoy is the bestbecause you an amateurGOD BOMBUR IS SO AMAZIIIIING !!! 29:22James Nesbitt does amazing in this film playing Bofur :D xYeah, he does, but Azog is still largely absent from the original text of the hobbit.reading the comment while watching The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers on TVIt's Frodo, and yeah. Hobbit's aren't considered "Adult" until they're about 30 or so. Froto is 30???!!!!????!!!!???!!!!Oh yeah, even checked each day for new uploades :)ingtestis there something about radagast in this video? Mirkwood heck yA29:37 Bombur air guitar solo!Just got to live in middle-earthJust watched the movie and it was frkin awesome! love itThat 3D picture worksI love being a techie. I use to prefer acting but when I was placed on sound crew I fallen in love with what I now call the magic of production.  I'm drooling over all the sets, make up, sound boards (oh the sound boards!) and editing computers! I have so many thing I want to be in the future but all my friends agree, sound crew on movies would probably satisfy me artistry but technical style :)Love Richard's thanks for the blessing of the stage.A Nice video.
Was strange when he refereed to New Zealand as "Such a small country" (~ 19:55-57)
Then again he did say it relatively Adam Brown can be my fellaIve lost count of how many times Ive fully watched this.Dwalin.. sorryi think i can name them all.. Thorin, Fili, Kili, Dori, Nori, Ori, Oin,Balin, Gloin, Bofur, Bifur, Bombur, and Gwalin ?There will be 3 parts of the Hobbit. If you want to have everything in chronological order you would have to wait. But it wouldn't ruin anything if you watched LOTR first
I'm so glad Peter is directing thisI still  want to kick his teeth in though I'm glad that Gimli came in.they didn't really remove anything, they added some thing and changed a few minor details but they still followed the lore quite nicely. I am what some would call a purist of lord of the rings and I really enjoyed this film. I'm glad they didn't leave much out. The only thing that was different was the Radagast stuff which I found quite entertaining.I always find myself so enthralled in behind-the-scenes footage. This was captivating. 

I really hope I can make it into the media field, no mater how minuscule the job may be.Seeing as how the hobbit will be a trilogy not due to finish until 2014, you would be better off reading the book before watching or reading LOTR. But it isnt really necessary as the only event in the hobbit important in the Lord of the rings is bilbo's finding of the ring, which is explained in the beginning of LOTR anyways.yes you must watch the lotr movies! it doesnt really matter if you see the lotr movies first or the hobbit but since the hobbit is out you could go ahead and watch that first (: just watch them!this was worth my $16.50!the hobbit is a prequel? i never really watched LOTR, should i start watching from this movie or the original 1st one.Yes, yes, I have read The Hobbit and the LOR Trilogy! :)60 kilos of toilet paperOhhhhhh.... you have the new YouTube layout. Well, sucks to be you! The new layout SUCKS! I don't have it though, so I didn't know what you where pointing at.bro bro, silmarillionSaruman called me an odd little fellow, I approve. Well don't get depressed, there's always more fantasy to turn into films. Maybe not the same scale, maybe even bigger (I don't think anything could be more epic than Tolkein's lore, but still). And if you feel like there's a hole in the industry why not try to fill it? I know it sounds like it's impossible and a rather ridiculous idea, but if one has the guts to go on and work their way up nothing is out of reach. Just like the little hobbit that we all love who brought the one-ring to it's doom5:58  -  6:08it looked like they had alot of fun making the movieThat "filler" you're talking about is actually canon. It may not be in the book of the Hobbit itself but is in other writing by Tolkien. Also the storyline involving the Necromancer is not only essential for getting a better grasp on the events leading up to The Lord of the Rings, but it's also great. I for one am thrilled they included it.

As for Azog, it's a damn slight more exciting than a pack of wolves.i wish to see how is the woman of Orc looks like..5:57
Gandalf has second thoughts hahahi want FAT Peter...FunnyWell then, I guess as well as everything else, it's all down to opinions!how i wished there were more movies based on j.r.tolkien middle earth  :( i mean "IF IMMA GONNA DO BATTLE AND DIE IN HORRIBLE WAY IMMA LOOK TOTALLY F..D UP AND UGLY AND GAY!!! I MEAN THAT IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN THE FACT THAT IM GONNA DIE" stupid!!!do not unerstand these hair situations, have these hobit caracters been standing or sitting in front of a mirror for hours days or weeks which makes it a totally unreal situation, i mean i dont care how fictional the world is in the movie, NO ONE has these stupid hairs done like they are metrosexuals or total fictional gays, honestly dont care about either but the hair has no reason or explanation by itself, has no logicBecause in our actual world we can't really stop. It's sleep, work, eat, and walk to job, walk to home, walk, tramway, metro, bus, car... Pollution, cities and people, a lot of people xX even holiays are really tiring.. it takes talent, i doubt u have ithoneydew should be in this movie..I so wish i could live in Hobbiton for a year or two. Just relaxing, reading, and eating and walking to get my health up again. Humans just yearn for fantasy worlds like that, in books and movies and art..The part with gollum in the book was longer. 
And it had this part with the iron door Bilbo had to sneak past. 

I liked to scene with the trees in the book a lot more, how the orks started laughing at gandalf for trying to make them scared with fire 

The helicopter budget on these films must be insane!great!FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~trying to figure out when exactly dean came into filming because looks like the original guy who was supposed to play fili was there even up til the first day of shooting...and he blocked out the dinner scene at bag end. interesting.But there will always be other epic novels, in time we will have other great books. Or a great screenwriter. I'd like to be in the movie making business too :)It just seems like a long, strenuous process. But the end result is worth it all.funny how Peter gets fatter and fatter with every blog...0:36:15 Gandalf wearing sunglasses... just being epic and shit.Watching Sir Ian McKellen count the dwarves without the Gandalf costume just warms my heart :)How so? If you brake it down, it's really not that complicated, to me at least.I don't think they ever removed anything that was originally in the book, only changed it slightly. And in my opinion, for the better.
I much preferred the end of the movie than the same part of the book. I thought it was better that they had an enemy Orc rather than a pack of Wolves... I also preferred how they done the Troll bit in the woods.What i disliked was, that they removed/changed original parts of the book, and replaced it with the stupid filler content.I never really understood why Tom Bomadil was in the book to begin with. I mean, as far as I've read he never really does anything else or has any reason to exist, and I think he probably helped to make the plot seem too over-the-top. I know that when I first started reading it I stopped for a while because I couldn't really believe what I was reading: too many miracles happen before they even leave the Shire to make sense.Because the movie would have been too short if they hadn't added things... that make sense.
Think about it, the stuff that wasn't in the book possibly could have still happened, however it just wasn't told in the story...Yes many things were added, but the important things were there as well. They directly quoted things from the book too. If you want a bad movie adaption of a book, watch The Lightning Thief. Don't get me started on that.I agree! I really felt that I was somewhere else when I was watching it :PStrange that, the dwarf was intentionally very poorly defined by Tolkien and they must have added to it if they intend to use it a lot.I loved this film. Was great to go back to Middle Earth. This doesn't feel to me, at the moment, like this is going to be two trilogies but a "six part story" that makes one massive epic. Not sure if that makes sense or how to explain what i mean, it's just that it seems to mesh together so well. Anyway, i was pretty much smiling the whole way through it haha. Loved everything about it and cannot wait until the second film :)Tom Bomadil was not in the Hobbit. He was in the book "lord of the rings 1" But for some reason he was not in the lotr movieYou just maked a horrible misstake!WHERES  TOM  BOMADIL  ?/?????when he said: 'when we go upstairs you can see an old friend' en i was thinking: Legolas, Legolas, O PLEASE LEGOLAS <3I liked the part when they were like namingmovies with the name wolve in it and replacing it with wog. Funny as hell.This makes me want to go into the movie making business, but seeing as how there aren't going to be any more of these films, I just don't see the real point. It's these epics turned into fantasy adventures and the people involved that make the making of a movie fun :(. I wish I was thirty years old and involved with this...HAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK YOU AND GTFO!WTF peter jackson became fat xD0:29:37 xDgandalf's voice ! xD1 hour and 8 minutes and 48 seconds  i couldn't stop laughing tears. ^_^Admittedly, Radagast was not in the original book. Along the same lines, Galadriel was not in the Hobbit book either. However, the visual impressions were stunning, and the story was amazing. So I can't see his problem, because I certainly don't have one, even though its resemblance to the book is.... lacking in some respects. The film was absolutely amazing.haha back in the day when that other guy was filisame!the story is the way it is in the book - and the story with Galadriel/Radagast/Gandalf did happen if you bother to read middle earth history, it is not "needless imbecile crap" - it is canon history being broaden because Hobbit was more of a children's story and did not include the deep history that LOTR books did - but then again, you are an imbecile who has no understanding of anything - you know what, when you have actually made a worthy movie of your own, then you can talk, for now, shut upThorin's "majestic as fuck" hair flip at 57:38!no theres a few dwarves with Gilmi in the council of Elrond in the Fellowship of the Ring LOL Kili is the sexy dwarf X'D TRUE THATPeter Jackson is keeping it as close to the book as possible, as he has with most of his movies. Galadriel (I believe) did make an appearance in the book, and he wants to explain why. Radagast is a great wizard, even if a bit bonkers. And he didn't "stretch the story with imbecile crap" but rather "made it better by keeping the quality similar to the book". And if you say the story is completely fucked up, obviously you haven't fully enjoyed the book. Bugger off.Why did you put an arrow pointing to nothing?do any of you now why only one dwarf (gimli) showed up in the whole lord of the rings seriesGaladriel is in The Hobbit because PJ decided to show the war between White Council vs the Necromancer. It took place in the same year. It's an essential part of the plot if PJ's trying to link The Hobbit to The Lord of the Rings trilogy. You may be a hater, but you shall not hate the movie for a wrong reason.i've seen it and just well done on the first part it was amazingCamela as a 14 year old you have a lot to learn when you get older  some of us oldies sitting on uncomfortable seats  feel it worse th,an you younguns.I will need to disagree with you in that matter. Doing movies is complicated stuff. I'm entirely sure that the crew that made the movie was well aware of Azog's son. It's just that sometimes, they mind find it difficult to fit too many characters in one movie and make the movie smooth for the audience at the same time (as many may not catch up that quickly). So fusing two antagonists may easy the audience's understanding (not everyone has read the book), and doesn't affects the movie's outcome.007 AHHHHHH!!!!
Well, I'm on my childhood and reading it now (I'm 14) (:
1) I didn't think it was too long! Maybe because I'm used to long movies, like Pirates of The Caribbean and LotR extended edition (4 hours each). I think people that already have some age my find a long movie a bit of a trouble.

2) I also think that 2 would have done the job, but after seeing the great job they did on the first one, I'm looking foward for the 2nd and 3rd.I LOVED the fact they added Radagast The Brown to the movie. Absolutely awesome, in my opinion. I think the rabbits were nicely done, and I liked the bird's poop and nest in his head.
My father has read all the books, and now he gave me his Two Towers collection (wich is kinda old (some 30 years old)) for me to read. I'm enjoying it a lot (even though I'm just in the first one), and the movie was no different.
A pity some people didn't like the movie, but you can never please everyone.I can't believe it's been 10 years since LotR came out.- Life is so short!!! :(You're a fuckhead. And I hate you. (:radagast is mentioned in the books and so is galadrielbombur metallica 29:40Especially considering that in the book Kili and Fili are described as having yellow beards.Saw this yesterday in IMAX 3D.  Really good.  At one point I nearly had a go at the person in front of me as i thought they had stood up only to find it was Thrin on screen when he turned around>
2 gripes: 
1) Much much too long.  Dont directors realise people get numb bums after as while?2) why 3 films when 2 or even one would have sufficed (suspect milking it for everything) The book is hardly that long. 
The book is one of my favoutites from childhood.  I reread it recently. Watching this makes my brain hurt. Movies are so difficult to make.link to download full movie bit.ly\UEdaBrI absolutely adored the movie ! The only let down for me was the scene with the the orcs chasing them with Azog and stuff while in the actual book Azog was considered killed in the beginning and it was his son Borg who at the end of the story played a part in the battle of the 5 armies. I don't mind when they put parts in there that weren't in the book but I don't really like it when the parts that are in the book are wrongly interpreted in the movie. but anyway it still was a great film !Galadriel was in the movie because she's a part of the White Council, duh. The meeting of the White Council is a part of the lore (even though it's not mentioned in the Hobbit), but PJ just made minor changes to it, so it would fit the movie better. Radagast going to Dol Guldur was a nice little addition, because he was used to introduce the Necromancer to the crowd, while in the book it was Gandalf who went to Dol Guldur and found out that the Necromancer was Sauron.Because they took Tolkien's side notes on the issue... Yes, Galadriel in the Hobbit, there are many pages when Gandalf and others are mentioned with a couple of sentences, well, guess what, what they are doing is on the side notes but you already knew that, right? I hate stupid comments made by people too lazy to read some fucking interviews and get some info about what they are going to watch and start talking shit when it's obvious they still clueless about what they talk about.. get lost..Tolkien wrote that Radagast was obsessed with animals and plants, and that he even abandoned his mission as an Istari because of his obsession. I think he was portrayed pretty well in the movie, and even though most of the stuff about him wasn't in the book, it still worked really well. Not everything has to be EXCACTLY the same as it was in the book. You just need to shut the fuck up.ME too OMG.1:07:13 BARRELS !seen it 4 times!A tireless Peter Jackson, crew, and cast...they did everything expected of them and more!Can't wait till the 2nd and 3rd parts!!!!!"Aidan Turner. He's the sexy dwarf...I guess he is the hot one, if you like that kinda thing." Hahaha so true <3You came to the wrong neighborhood my friend, best not to hate the hobbit on a hobbit video.if i can make a film as a true story...Lol amazing for us, but in my country, Usa, canada. and all country that i went there...wow..amazing dreamShut the fuck up you critical piece of shitI love how Richard made the first speech. Stepping into his role as the leader!Spoilers ;)Late 2013 early 2014 is my guess =) 
Depends on witch country too =)Peter Jackson is wonderful, it's good to see such a nice man directing a movie we have all been waiting forIt's the welcoming of the actors for the hobbit.7:11 i dont get this part?Ist nur bei mir der Sound so scheiße? Irgendwas kratzt die ganze zeit
!While it had some problems I actually enjoyed it. The film is amazing in 48fps and 3D, just stunning and the way it's meant to be seen. Let the old cynical movie reviewers have their poke, they obviously can't handle the change.Did you really just compare the Hobbit to the Holocaust? Jesus you PETA-nuts are hilarious.Drink some faittrade coffee , wear your ugly sweater vest and fuck off with your pretentious bullcrap.  Kili <3Very disappointed in the film, from one viewing.  Will give it another shot.

I am a huge Tolkien fan and have been reading the books every year for 35 years.

It's a good film, but changing the characterizations that make the characters who they are, defeats the purpose of the story and their growing throughout.no it dont that might just be you and ive read the book and i found it almost the sameyup I´m so excited for the second and third partthumbs up,if you have seen the movie!haha glad you liked it !!! it is a brilliant movie!Thorin, Balin, Bifur, Bofur, Bombur, Dori, Dwalin, Fili, Gloin, Kili, Nori, Oin, Ori. That's thirteen :)Pretty much everything that was in the movie is actually a part of Tolkien's lore, but PJ made some small changes to make it fit the movie better.at 0:06:00 i had to laugh :DI think this is more interesting than actual film :)

I've seen it yesterday in 3DniceI want to work with them so frekin bad. Coolest job yet.Damn it! I was planning on working on the set of this and of "Friends" but then I got my fuckin date of birth wrongdödödöddödödöddödödödödöd kscksckscksc 
"whats that ?? O.o  "
"thats the metallic version  Ö_Ö "    :DDDDDHe looks 15 to me.Yeah, we still have no idea what you're talking about, considering that all but two of those animals died from natural causes...idiot.00:29:20 fuckin hilarious
I just found that out now too, "Azog" is its name it pretty cool he actually mentioned him now that Ive read about it, and now I know why (kind of why) he wanted to make the hobbit a trilogy- because Pete wants to give a very in depth history of the hobbit and lotr and the characters in them, thanx for replying :)Honestly, I have no fucking idea what you're talking about, and you kind of sound like a crazy fuck, so fuck you.Aidan Turner needs to keep that short hair... hot damn.Actually, Peter Jackson didn't create to pale orc, he's talked about in Tolkein's appendixes in Thorin's backstory. Peter is so cool... i think he is just a great friend to have. fili, killi, thorin, ballin, nori, ori...lol/watch?v=qJGbEqg1v50haha one hour after I wrote this comment two friends of mine asked me to come watch it with them so I went with them and holy shit I loved every bit of it :D And the music <3amazing i love the film the soundtrack everthingWhat is this dark magic it is all real i tell you!Peter Jackson; such a lovable, fat slob. Was it? I couldve swore it was 12. Maybe I'm wrongPsst... this isn't the movie. It's a 'making of' documentary. You're welcome!seen it 3 times already and i wanna go back for more :D
Did anyone else notice that at 1:05:00 his glasses fell? can you not wear the 3d glasses on top of your regular glasses ? Works for meyou are an idiotSaruman Scared the shit out of me!!Can someone explain why on Wikipedia says that Manu Bennett is Azog? Because here is amm..not Manu Bennett xD218 orks dislike You need to watch the movie!!!! ive seen it 3 times now and i loved all of it!!!so a couple friends asked me if I want to go watch it with them what do you think? :3Yea ikr! I wish America was that beautiful :)I wachd this entire thing 5 times cuz i was soooo exited 2 c it!!! I saw it 2 times in theaters! BEST MOVIE EVER!!!gett free /watch?v=On_iCqggApU0:48:34 '60 kilo of toilet paper' Haha! :Dthe nature of new zealand is incredibleits really notLOVE U PETER JACKSON U ARE FUCKING BEST EVER!!!BEST MOVIE IN YEARS!!!Even though Peter changed some areas of the hobbit (E.g creating the pale orc, mentioning the brown wizard, etc.), his execution was very well done in the unexpected journey-but I didnt expect nothing less from the director of the epic LOTR trilogy,cant wait for the next two!!!!miss you elijaaaaah:'(You do know its not meant to be reald'ohmygarsh 0:32:30 those scale stand-ins--minis--are so adorbsable. They need to make plush versions of the dwarves, each with their own mini-dwarf! glarrhgg! OK, I'll stop.Am I the only one who wants a hobbit home?the boy who cried wag, i was a teenage wag...aha:) frodo:')This better be a tour at some point or else I'll be pissed.The original actor apparently pulled out of the film for personal reasons.So any reason why the sound quality has a constant tick?Why did they change Fili?no it was a great especially is 3d imaxI´m definitely NOT using your tutorial...I just hope we start appreciating more not only this movie but maybe most of them, after watching all the effort done not only by the cast and director but also all the crew members, I don´t care what some critics say, The Hobbit is an amazing movie...ohh and Andy Serkis is f***n amazing!holy shit...elijah wood looks like hes fucking 20 or 25 not 30!GANDALF IN 3D glasses.
HELL YELoved this moviePlease... Cloud Atlas.Thank you Genious P.Jackson, you make many dream awake.! best movie since 2003 ;)man i loved this movie.... WAHHH 2013 IS TOO FAR AWAY!!!I watched this film twice now, once in traditional 2D and in 3D - And the 3D didn't add anything of value to me to the experience.

I was, in fact, irritated by the 3D glasses (I already need sight correction and usually am wearing glasses, so I had to fidget with contact lenses so the two types of glasses wouldn't interfere with one another) and their unusual resolution.

2D all the way!3:05 a few years ago Jackson wouldnt have been able to sprint up those stairs like that. Way to go JAckson!just a real classy movie made by classy people31:25 daddy!!36:15 greatest magican in middle earth, by the power of 3D!!I mean frodoSo a new bilbo played in the Hobbit?Mr. Jackson you´re brilliant! thank you for being you :-D
thank you for the lord of the rings and the hobbit.Peter Jackson you rich rich person <3 and also a bit silly. Sometimes. Great writer too. But you know. Ha! Funny because other things seem more unrealistic! I get the joke! the hobbit was awesome !!13 dwarves*THEY'RE MAGICAL OKAY.And you are just a kid that found Radagast funny and good because he helps the cute little hedgehog ? Seriously, Radagast is an Istari, one of the 5 mages send on the Middle Earth to take care of Illuvatar children's creation. The movie doesn't respect his character and mind in ANY way. The rabbits are ridiculous and are there to please the 6 year-old children who watch the movie with their parents.Best movie this year, loved everything about it!You both are just boring people that can't do anything other than complain and nitpick on everything.All the scenes featuring Radagast the hedgehog healer and his bunnies suck balls. That was the worst part of the movie.There are no boring parts, boy.Aidan Turner is a sexy dwarf !!!!
I really love his smile....Yeah, you are missing out on boring dwarf songs! Luckily you can watch them over and over on your blu ray :) I thought the movie was ok, but not even close to the quality of LOTR movies.What boring parts?Peter Jackson has lost so much weight!Didn't they sharpen it too?Bilbos sword looked realThis was my first LotR movie and i thought it was great didnt really have any boring parts didnt really feel like a 3 hour movieWhat I would give to have had the opportunity to be apart of the making of this film.ikr!? the whole movie too!Anyone notice the actor who played Shaun in Eastenders quite a while back.. 5:29
0:29:37 Ladies you're welcome29:39 made my day :DThere is no place for your kind within these videos!Peter Jackson is a fucking genius! i love himThe hobbit is so stupidYes, in Tolkien's book about a hobbit, a wizard and 12 dwarves joining forces to rebel and conqure the dwarves' old home place (which is now home to a Dragon) where they meet trolls and orcs and immortal elves along the way and were helped immensely by gigantic eagles, the super strong bunnies was unrealistic.CBS.com is hosting the People's Choice Awards, vote 'Ringers' for movie fan following!"...and you will be chased by women ALL AROUND THE WORLD!" YUP:Domg Gollum!!!!actually, that is not gandalf...no more 3D and moving chairs plsDan Hennah has such an amazing voice, he's a hobbit for sure. So what i understood that....Dwarfs are TALL!!!!theyre not real???So hobbits are not real , evrything is fake !!! NOO THIS VIDEO IS FAKE ITS AS REALISTC IDEA AS SANTA WOULDNT EXIST PFF YEAH RIGHT.....*IM JOKING  BY THE WAY*I've seen it twice, and I must say, Peter is the only person who has made 3D actually enjoyable in my opinion.finally got to see the Hobbit, totally what I expected, cant wait for part two!lol that comment is a fail indeed (not yours)thats not gandalf...I went watching it in 3D... awesome movie, but unfortunately my experience was ruined on how sharp it was... it looked weird... too sharp... dunno how else to explain it... going back to watch it in 2D hoping it'll be better cause the movie is amazingIs it me or was Peter Jackson getting fatter in the duration of the vid07:10 who the fuck decides to take a fap while filming?i fuckin hate advertisments you cant skip!!!!Proud to be a newzealanderI just saw it today!  Going back for more!the organization logistics amaze me.
Twice? Isn't that quite little?can anyone tell me the song at the start of thisi just did ;)ahem, it's my third times so far...25:30 The boyband of middle earth XDXDIve watched this 6 times and most of my buddies about 2 times keep it up !!!!I'm seeing this for a second time as soon as possible. It's such a good film!!I've seen the hobbit in 3d d-box it was AWSOME!!!!!!!I love this movie and I would like to take a few more movie parts
you have NO idea what you're missing out on. I will see it again this weekend, but in 2d. 3d is simply not necessary. THIS MOVIE IS GENIUS. FROM BEGINNING TO END you do not know how to enjoy a spectacular movie. And you would not be wasting money watching this in the theaters.These video blogs were extremely enjoyable. I'll be watching the movie for the second time tonight.seen on 3d...perhaps it's better than first trilogy....Jackson Master !!:)Dwarves are so metal!  lol!no......................done. maybe double that number twice again.LOL, I'm so glad I'm not getting suckered into watching this movie.  Now that the fervor has all but fizzed out I'll wait to watch this on Blu-ray and rent it for cheap at $1.50 so I can fast forward all the dragging boring parts. I'll save my money.  I'll wait for it to go to Blu-ray and rent it for $1.50.AMAAZZZIIIING MOVIE
 CANT WAITE FOR PART 2 !!!!I love that Sir Peter Jackson is so hands-on. He really knows how to care for his cast & crew. Excellent director. And I loved the film!this is awsome Production ! 
Left ear enjoyed the talkingthree times, Twice in 3-D cock suckas!!!Done! ;)this is awesomee0:28:45   George Lucas I cried during the scene when they were back in The Shire.. Memories.. I love those movies. With all my heart. Peter Jackson you legend0:44:57 Star Wars Middle Earth !best movie since return of the kingits weird. in some of the vlogs jackson is anorexic in others he is slightly overweight.???Truly, a Masterpiece! The dwarves a a brave bunch, just ready to rumble in any situation :DI went to see this movie yesterday christmas eve and WHOA i tell yah it made my day especially my movie cravings. This movie was downright EPIC, i don't know what some of these critics are saying and putting down of this movie because what i saw was an amazing thrill ride of unique characters, Beautiful and well thought out action set piece battles, and humorous moments. The pacing was great with Action in between the character bonding. This movie is outstanding, Blue ray purchase is 1st day :DThe movie was just brilliant! Best movie I've watched in years. :))Watched the Hobbit on xmas eve and enjoyed . Just dissapointed i have to wait until 2013 and 2014 for the next installments .Is it just me...or is James Nesbitt (purplish jumper) sucking his thumb at 5:31 ?.....lol martin is so friggin cuteI'M GONNA DO IT TOMORROW !!
Peter Jackson looks like a techer I had in the institute. He was a really lovely man. 
Good blessed him, he passed away some years ago. 

I am wishing to watch the movie in theater now !!1:04:32 anyone else think doctor who?! XDi will miss the old actors, aragorn, legolas, frodo, sam ;'-(EVERYONE GO SEE IT TWICE! GET THAT BOX OFFICE UP!
20:00 just a reminder to myself. ^^i watched the first 15m then i skipped bits and i found that part 32:30 it comes in 2013 it is called the desolation of smaugI recommend trying lotro (lord of the rings online) a mmorpg, And you can visit all the loactions and all the characters from the film/book in the game
Richard Armitage. His Voice.
33:16 I see what you did there :)31:50 is it GIMLI?32:30 why does everybody have a double ??? because in some shots you need small guys other ones the big guys ??? lol they look so damn small in the movies i wonder how they make them look half their real  size Best bit: Graham Mctavish (Dwalin): He's the hot one I suppose, if you like that kind of thing.
Adam Brown (Ori): But if you like knitted cardigans and knitted mittens then I'm your fella.Is this the same one that was channel 9 in Australia???Comes out next year. In December. I think same date as this year.I dont remember them floating in barrels. Perhaps next hobbit movie?I loved Lord of the Rings, and I loved The Hobbit! I am sooo happy that they finally filmed these movies!can someone answer this what is a block of shootingNah man. Part 2 is coming out this same time next year! I loved the movie so much. I hope it doesnt take another 2 or 3 years to make the next part '';_:Great movie!!!!jeez!!! looks like a big hobbit fan we've got here :)Been a huge fan of Aidan Turner and Richard Armitage for years now! Nice to see them getting into a big mainstream international film, both are great actors and deserve it and did a phenominal job. Although it IS weird to see Turner with a full on beard and short hair in production, then he has long hair and the only dwarf with no beard in the film lol38:10 HAHAHAHAHAH!!!I loved this movie...So fantastic
I really want to live in the New Zealand! :)29:37
You go honeydew!"...uhm"
-Ian McKellenthis must be one heck of   good adventure for directors, producers, cast,  audience dreamers alike :) !!!!Absolutely fantastic movie, can't wait for the 2nd movie!Krikes he had time to make this blogg too?
fantastic.
How i can wait one year :???  for 2. movie :((supermoney.hk.ms
cashmoney.de.ms
supergeld.hk.ms
big-money.us.ms
geldschmiede.hk.ms
moneyrun.de.ms
supercash.de.ms
fastmoneysystem.shop.msTo see them enjoying making the movie, it makes us fans happy too. :')0:29:35 <3where is gandalf?Thank you for this Im going to see it for my 111th birthday next month at IMAX; waiting for all the crowdes to die down.FYI 0.38.00.  Tricky Woo is a name of a dog out of the James Herriot Novels (about the being a Vet during and after the War)I would absolutely love to have tea with Sir Ian McKellen.  And I don't even like tea all that much. XDmiddle earth wiki it 
 agartha  etidorpha symzoina   humans are free.com -agartha 
 mag mell  /see malachi  they should have been in the movie 
 they all look like trolls 
 paranormal stories.com /malachi  i cried during this whole video. the whole. video.Just saw the movie today!  Needs more elves but other than that it was great! I was only upset because the goblins were cgi and not real. :(New Zealand is amazing...as if christmas still gave a shit about jesus..I would've laughed SO hard if there was a random porta-loo in one of the shots xDlike anyone cares...PART 2 OF THE HOBBIT NOW PLEASE!!! =D (LOVED the first film!)Ian Mckellen has a magical voice!worst username ever...oh look! a fucking troll with nothing better to do. go buy christmas presents for your friends! oh, that's right. you have no friends...I dont wanna be the guy who organiezed this!yeah, you a whovian?If you read the book you'd know that the barrel scene appears very late in the hobbit, so it is likely that it's a scene of the second or third movie :)33:35 :)is the barrel scene in the second movie or extended version of the movie? Was sad I didn't see it :( "Kili, he's like a sexy boy band here in middle earth" HAHA XD Are you joking? Is this like... a joke?hurry! The Hobbit An Unexpected Journey is now available here bit.ly\McBDKsaBtw what language is richard A. speaking? really sexy.The movie was aweeesome!!!!Is that George Lucas at 2:15? im such a nerd haha lord of the rings online and listening to behind the scenes perfact hahaoh dang 1 hour oh wowlol 1:04:40
Andrew dropped his glassesThe Lord of the rings films are fantasticPeter Jackson has created the most spectacular and astonishing films in motion picture history. good meen I think I just saw Peter Weir in there around 1:25. Yeah! Writer ACE!!no barrel scene in the hobbit part 1 :(Kili <3Agree'd , I see a big fan inside of you ! ;) Join the club and love the LOTR =DI absolutely loved the movie. I read all of Tolkiens books too. It's great to see how the movie developed and how much work went into it - makes me appreciate this piece of art even more. Can't wait for the other parts to come out. I'm giving this video a truly deserved Thumbs up.I wish J.R.R. Tolkien would see it. ahahaha this just made mt nightWell seen ;) ! , Atleast I don't watch a movie I don't like, then go to youtube and go to the' making of ' of the movie I didn't enjoy , Then post a useless comment that no one cares about with no constructive feedback at all .. Awsome man !29:38 LMAOElijah Woods actually does appear in part 1 at the very beginning before Bilbo flashes back to his younger days. He will probably appear again at the end in part 3, but that's just my own speculation.why r u watching behind the scenes anyway if u hated the movie? youre either a troll or just have no lifeFrodo's uncle*
I love this movie! I saw it todayOMG, the start of the third video log, bwahahaha! PJ is SUCH a ham, I love him.dissapointed with your life.too long, too boringoh your dead
Frodo appears at the start of The Hobbit, and you've got it wrong; Bilbo is Frodo's UNCLE, not his father.I'm so lucky i have 3D glasses ;Dbilbo is uncle...and no he doesnt he has a cameo at the beginning got no sense of good movies then .. lolzoooh, i just realised that's a different Fili!0:36:16 I Wonder If Elijah Wood Has A Cameo At The End Of This Film. Since Peter Jackson Has Already Direct About The Origins Of Frodo's Father: Bilbo Baggins.Right on man! I can't wait for the next 2 films. These are some of the best movie makers in the world!I <3 The Hobbit!good.He was so disappointed he was looking for Hobbit videos on Youtube.This one dude's answer on where he'll spend the break 
"To Barcelona, to meet doctor who fans in Spain"

So much win. is so freaking beautiful :*yes because it's a tale you know, written for children mostly, not a shakespeare drama. peter jackson did a great job when he made such a huge movie with good action scenes and characters. read the book's first 20 pages. you'll see what i'm talking about.incredilbe how much is involved when making a movie.that is the tiniest red bar ive ever seen .193 dislike , those are the fans of the gay movie twilight .This movie is FANTASTIC !!!!!! This was a good popcorn movie but no great movie to much silliness and you know whats gonna happen 5 seconds later.couldnt handle how good it was im guessing. its okay it happens to little kids all the time. they just squirm in their seats if they sit for too long33:36 
Scared the shit outta me...
"Who is that...odd little fellow...?"
I want..his...voice.29:36
OMGandy needs a shave!!It's all bout Balin!hack_facebook_account._org/?_ref=_8683_87
hack fb for free :DBelgium Guy!OMG, how much money is involved in all this?? How the freak do they do it all??Bofur's epic hat <3It should be in the next one or the one after. It happens in the book.cool. this is awesomeFili and Kili <31:07:07 when this happened to the movie ? Oofrodo is 30!!!!new zealand is so beautiful....lol 0:36:15 Gandalf with 3D glasses on XD. l almost cracked up when I saw this! ;DCan we have a Hobbit audio book read by Ian PLEASE.Great video and wonderful movie, I can't wait to see the next one.
LMAO 0:29:37 cracks me up everytime X'Dthe movie is awesome!I saw the movie today . Awesome. Go watch it! Leave everything you're doing and go!Such a good movieBecause they have to look short. They're dwarves.awww I love Kili<33 Aidan Turner <333He did an awesome job on The Hobbit
They are for the dwarfs to look smaller when Gandalf is in the scene. It's only used when there is not much acting in the scene, or the camera is far away and we can't see anything closely. This is just one of the many techniques to make the dwarves look small.I actually watched this entire thing...why do all the dwarfs have smaller doubles?Great film :Phurry! The Hobbit An Unexpected Journey is now available here bit.ly\McBDKsaThe movies and books are two different thingsAgreed! :)
Just started watching, can already tell this is gona be a good hour.Hmm...do i want to watch a crappy, terrible audio, non-hd version on my laptop or go to the imax theater with panoramic views and amazing sound that could make an orc flee in terror?I can't wait to download for free this movie!thay keep set the make a place wher go see it like disney landI'll have to visit NZ now despite it being full of kiwis.I just saw the first part of the Hobbit in 3D - and I must say, I cannot understand the criticism that I have been hearing, against the movie as such as well as the technology that was used to film it. I must say I found the movie to be a stunning experience - and a great story told in amazing pictures. Just like the LoTR, Jackson has written Cinema history once again. I guess all those critics are just jealous, or living in the past.God, watching this makes me feel OLD. 32:20 all of them has their own mini-me! :Dlaughed my ass off at 29:32-29:48Love every bit. Just awesome. Thorin,ur the man :) N Bilbo, the courageous.haha after watching all the LOTR behind the scenes making, this clearly was a must watch, and I'm so glad I did. Can't get enough of how epic everything works behind the screen and of course, on screen as well. I admire everyone's determination and hard work. The movie deserved to be awesome because the making was purely awesome! And may I just add that I love ALL the dwarves altogether...but Thorin,you're the one for me :)kili!!! so cuteI like the look of Dwalin the best, but every dwarf looks good :3Anyone remember Richard (Thorin) as Guy of Gisborne in BBC series of Robin Hood? the whole secret of the hobbit is that it was filmed by one.Talk about dream jobs...I WANT TO FUCKING BE A PART OF THE MOVIE :(((((((( I WOULD FUCKING KILLL TO BE A PART OF THISThere are actually 10 video blogs out so far and you can see how Peter gets fatter and fatter in every one xD Love this guy, just amazing work gets done there in new zeeland. The first movie is so amazing O.oanyone else think the actor who plays gollum looks like Terence Mckenna?
lolFili and Kili - hottest looking dwarves I've ever seen!me too
Who else watched it all? ;)true story broI was looking forward to this movie since I was 8 or 9 years old and my mum first read it to me. I was just a little girl getting lost in an amazing world and the Lord of the Rings were cool too, but the Hobbit always caught my imagination more. Now, 19 years old and more than 10 years later, I went to the midnight release and I cried. Although not everything is like I thought it would be and I do not agree with everything, none of it is unHobbit-like.I would give everything for one of the swords they found in troll cave :( the movie was awesome!!, could not ask betterthis is very coolwow got so much more respect for films ive watchedthe movie is super duper great! thank you to all the people that paid effort on the making!\
good movie.
movieparadeonline.co.nrDer film war fantastisch, bis auf die paar Hollywood-Slapstick-Einlagen für die kleineren Zuschauer und die etwas billig aussehenden Zwergenwaffen. Ansonsten top. Keine Minute langweilig, super Aufnahmen, perfekt getimte Spannungsbögen. Jackson hats mal wieder geschafft:) 

Gratz Pete!:)Compare this to the BTS of the Star Wars Prequels. This has life! Elrond smiles!?That Air guitar/drum was the best part ROFL0:41:29 Lmao his hair :DI watch itFor f*** sake it is not 3D!!! You have to have a very bad eyesight to think it is 3D, it is just layers overlapsing.mia shut up are you that stupid!?o_OMia your joking right. You can't possibly be that ignorant.the 3D drawing it's very coolRadagast RULES!So much work goes into these movies. It's so beautiful.29:40 Heavy Metal Dwarf!"It's going to go well, right?"
*Deafening silence from Sir Ian McKellan*Then you would watch part 1, 2 and 3 about 30 hours. You would watch Hobbits around as much as the same (10 hours), and perhaps Silmarillion as much as same (10 hours).Yeah it only won 48 oscar or something. That's your opinion i bet there is more fans than haters like you.
A JOURNEY from 2001 - 2012.....more than a decade and intensely gripping more than ever....hail LOTR!! Producing of movies is so, so intense and there is so much they have to do... Peter Jackson and crew are geniusses. had to be me whose reading the book right now and looked at the comments to discover that someone decides to spoil the fucking ending.Imagine how easy the location part will be with a wormhole generator.
@Jellycakelap How?@JennieBrent It's not real it's a fucking fictional story lolAndy Serkis as Second Unit Director = GENIUS!!!!!!!!!!!!Hi!..do they have styles of plates or kitchenware..or just ordinary?..ive never seen the movie bcoz i need some details..its so embarrassing when the lowest human called wise men and i dnt knw anything about it..but i knw its a great movie..congratulations@ 6:00...lol Love peter jackson's face and Ian!best movie i ever seen before From watching this, the actors job seems to be one of the easiest!Sorry the hobbit sucks to much animation.Thumbs up if anyone else thinks his walk at 0:21:26 is FUCKING awesome.thorin filli and killi dieI'm going to watch the movie in 2 days.Freakin' good movie.id invite all the dwarves cuz when i was little i was exactly like balin just with my apple juice lol and it would be great
So...... part two..?Anyone who illegally downloads the hobbit is a bitch.....work like this deserves to be paid for.looks like andy serkis is wearing the ring still lolI reckon Peter Jackson is the man.yoloThe film didn't get that far, but I would assume they will in one of the next movies, they kept almost exactly the same as the book, absolutely wonderful movie.Know the feels bro, it's for the money. December releases generate shit-tons more money, and by spreading it out it makes you wanna see it more and builds the tension. 
They are gonna milk the shit out of these films. I would invite all the dwarves to dinner because my mom makes a lot of food.I saw the movie an i loved it.I can't wait for it to come out on dvd.Peter Jackson your a amazing director and I am so glad that you made the Lotr movies and now that you are doing the hobbit movies is great.Please keep up with the amazing workthis is hobbit 2 trailer, spoiler alert.asli keren bgt nih film.dafuq
HAHA! Scruffy Andy Serkis.I'm starting to think that Jackson puts on 100 lbs intentionally every time he does a LOTR movie to get into character..really? *.* wow :D
FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~0:26:17 damn, did you hear his voice? SUCH A BADASS MOVIE!!!none, if im not mistaking that scene suppose to be shown at the Rivendell escape
"The best home-grown still comes from that district, especially the varieties now known as Longbottom Leaf, Old Toby, and Southern Star" On Pipe-weed. This recalls my stoner days for some reason. Hmm. Maybe I'll read em again.Peter Jackson did the best job on this. Thank you PJI don't know what you're thanking Jackson for. I wonder if he's going to "choke" like he did on the Lord of the Rings. Which he totally destroyed by not keeping true to the ending. Half the reason I read L of the R's  the four or five times that I have is the ending. I actually enjoyed reading the ending of L of the R's. And  dumb-ass ruined it. All that effort....for nothing. I've got a few commemoriative copies of the Hobit and Lord of the Rings. So I'm a Tolkien fan. NOT a Jackson fan.There was an ad for the Arnold movie Last Stand. He should have stuck to movies. He was a complete and utter flop as a governor.The barrel part will be in the second movieis some of the footage (such as the barrels scene) in the deleted scenes of unexpected journey or do you reckon it'll be in part 2 now?Why? Why I've to wait a whole year for the next part? It's killing me!Thank you for chosing our country to work on the hobbit new zealand has the best grounfs ever!Favorit part: 0:05:580:29:36 hahahahahhahahi can't wait for smog and all the other cool things coming
Instead of spending all money on the Red Epic cameras you should have invested to some orcs contumes because those ones in the movie don't seem to be real at all.Not yet. It's probably in the second film.NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I CANT WAIT FOR THE SECOND PART ARGHAnd your hat!
Gandalf! where is you're Wizard hat?!Can't wait for DVD to re-watch it! Yes... DVD *cough*world of warcraft Wildhammer house He's very open, Peter is just awesomefor a 30 year old, he doesn't age.You dont sayIt's the theatrical edition, wait for the extended edition dvd
That feeling when you watch the production video blogs again after seeing the movie xDThe scenes will be shown in the next movie, from the beginning it was meant for 2 movies but they changed it to 3 movies instead later on... So i reckon at the time this video was released they thought thoose scenes would be in the first movie.the spiders were kind of shown with radagast lol tolkien is dead.The spiders were shown Briefly in Mirkwood.The movie was just as I imagined the book, absolutely spectacular!0:43:29
it wasn't 3D for me :/Possibly the best movie i have ever seen 10/10In the second part of the hobbit thorin&co. go to the spiders and swim in the barrelsLooks good.Could be a deleted scene or in the next one :) Very cool video diaries!The barrel was in the original bookdood this guy is a geniousmovie sucked.....2:12 either they were saving spoilers or thats a lot of pornoI JUST SAW THE HOBBIT TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LOVE TOKEN .. PJ AND ALL THE PEOPLE THAT MADE THIS POSSIBLEall year i waited to see this film and was shit,shit,shit
I disagree. I saw it in the new 48fps, in 3D in IMAX. The sets looks fine. As a matter of fact, I found it to be one of the most seamless movies - combining live action with CG - I've ever seen. Enjoy! :-)I thank al those people for making the best movie in the while world!just watched The Hobbit, now watchin this!Just saw the moviein 3D.. I puked 3 times during the movie, but it was totaly worth it, and I will go and watch it again, but in 2D :DWhat's the song playing in the backround at around 1:05:10 ? Thanks!Peter Jackson is amazing in everything he does, I would've loved a part in this movie, hard to believe Elijah Wood was 19 when he was first in the LOTR, now he's 30, and they're still making wonderful movies that are simply perfect in every imaginable way, Peter Jackson and the crew have my highest respect. Film legends. Everything about what you just said is wrong.Watched it, broke expectations.... That movie is hella sexy31:26

"Daddy!"
"Hello my boy!"

Oh god i loved that part.Gandalf is much older than 2000 years old, his spirit was there since the beginning and his body came 1000 years into the third age, and since the third age ended in 3021 when he leaves middle earth, he is 2021 years old, also hobbits do not exactly age as humans: they become adult at 33 not 18. Weaker humans live shorter while the great  kings with blood from numenor lived much longer.Actually he WAS in the book.Happy Birthday. have a happy hobbity day !Hah! William Kircher was in the Legend of the Seeker! He was the merchant disguise of Zeddicus!I want to thank J.RR Tolkien and Peter Jackson and of course all the other people who have made this possible, you created my 4 favourite movies of all time and there is 2 more to go. And of courese the best books as well. Thank you so much, can't wait to see you again in the next hobbit movie.Peter Jackson is not fat anymore! :) Great guy he is!Sir! You are a probably 12 years old idiot babbling nonsense!sorry but eveyone liked it. and the hobbit who pplayed bilbo in lotr is to old to play young bilbo soo uh yuh and so fucking what its not the book its a film not just depicts the books dumb fuckGreatest damn movie with effects and everything 10/10.God bless you all make that possible. THX GUYSthe hobbit is going to be awsome wow jacksons lost a load of weight, fair playPeter Jackson doesn't fail, nor will he. Gandalf was in the books and you would know if you would actually read them, gandalf is in the hobbit, lotr 1, 2 and 3. Besides that ofcourse they would change the actor of bilbo because bilbo is 111 years old in the lord of the rings, and he is like 30 in the hobbit. So ofcourse they would change his actor!I love this nerdy "Kili" Dude.He is just great.You surely dont know anything about the hobbit buy the damn book and read it you fuckerand what has your lazy ass completed?wow just a awesome movie, 3D kicked. Noticed at some spots in the film that you could tell they where on a set. Like watching a theatre play or something at Universal Hollywood .  I think its because of the high speed frame rate combined with 3D. Anyone notice this? plz comment. We Are In 3D!!you're an idiot.Epic fail, 0/10.  If you've even read the first chapter you'll know Gandalf is one of the main characters through most of the novel.Ha ha ha ha, ahh hah hah, AHHHHHHH HA HA HA HA HA!!!"I was a teenage warg"loved the books loved the movies cant wait to see it dont know why the reviewers are bashing the movie it looks really goodi like the brown wizard! a huge fanLittle does anyone know, Peter Jackson's great-great-great-great-great-great grandfather was a Hobbit. P.J. Proudfeet was second nephew, twice removed, of the Sheriff of Hobbiton. Unfortunately, he was convicted of murdering Farmer Maggot when he caught his wife, Maggie, trading oral sex for a basket of mushrooms behind the pony stables in Crickhollow.You're a fucking MORON!This comment makes me hungry. I seriously want to eat some meat right now.I got to 1:07:09 before I thought... why the fuck haven't I put this on full screen yet?!he celebrated his 111th birthday because he had the ring which made his life longer and made he look younger, once he gave the ring to frodo he started aging very quicklyno 3IS THE HOBBIT GOING TO BE IN 2 PARTS!?!?!?!?Not exactly "like humans"- Bilbo celebrates his 111th Birthday at the beginning of the LOTR series.

But your point is absolutely correct.Um, have you read the Hobbit?Parece o apocalipse, a única diferença é um diretor talentoso.... no apocalipse, é claro!I think he's trollin man.lol troll, you got every one butt hurt. good job!7:55 STOP LOOKING AT THE CAMRAKweli hizi ni kazi za watu...This was only part of the movie derpThe hobbit is excellent movie I loved it filming was goodI saw hobbit today was awesome cant wait for the second part wihich will release in December 2013Bilbo was young during the books, and Gandalf is in the hobbit.. Dont talk about a book you didn't read as if you dont# sit your ass.... grab the book read it.
 Peter Jackson was in a good shape when they start shooting the movie.he's more like 3000 thousand years old, and he's not that old because he is a wizard. It's because he is a Maiar.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~you really should read the books.Not sure if troll...you dont know anything do you? ..Gandalf wasan't in the books?! Read those again,because he where.gandalf isnt even a human being, read the silmarillion and youll understand why he does not age, he and the other wizards are in the same league as sauron in a wayplease, watch the movie. It is fucking amazing*facepalm*ITS POETIC LICENSE!!!! WHY WOULD YOU HAVE SOMETHING BE EXACTLY LIKE THE BOOK!!!! PEOPLE WOULD HAVE KNOWN WHAT HAS HAPPENEDthis came out today!!!! and on my birthday!!!!! Greatest presant ever!!!Gandalf is already 2000 years old in the hobbit, he's a wizard for gods sake, so he wouldnt exactly age in 60 years so the same actor is used. Bilbo is a hobbit, they age like humans, so a young actor was used. I don't really understand your problem with thisI am looking forward to watch the film!!! I read the book several years ago and loved it... so naturally, I want to see the movie!I can only watch with one eye... it's totally frustrating for me - even the drawing makes no sense for me... can anybody tell if the movie in 2D is as exciting or is it due to the resolution a bit fuzzy or too crisp and therefor kitsch...? I also guess the english version is also better than the dubbed german one?It had the same ending as all of Lord of the Rings movies, but the good thing is that they pick off EXACTLY where they left off in the next filmnice movie! love it! I died when bombur did his metallica impressionhahaha i wont believe me but i had dream today , i saw in my dream the hobbit 3 how thorin and legolas fighting togetherhaha gandalf wearing a berret at 0:28:26, pricelessGreat film but the ending was slightly disappointing. Didn't feel like 2.5 hours at allsoo it i was ok with it but my mom  didnt like itDo you have a brain...at all?
BALI mentioned. .:DWorth watching this just for the music, let alone all the amazing behind the scenes stuff (: have seen many crappy mainstream predictable movies in a past few years, terible book and video game adaptation to movie just terrible, this, the actors, the screen play, the design... so epic so true, the emotions, I love itGandalf was in the hobbit and the other bilbo actor is like 68 and wouldnt fit the role, know your stuff manGoing tonightHeh. Yeah, and they stole all the stuff from Harry Potter! I mean COME ON! 
Nice attempt at a troll. Awesome video blog, AND THE MOVIE WAS AWESOME! :>I went to the premier to nights ago and it was AMAZING! Peter Jackson has done it again and I am so in love with this universe! LOVE these BTS videos <302:35 One does not simply forget that Epic Place !!OMG. I love this video, my dream job... makingmovies. I hopemy dream comestrue inthe future!
The Lord Of The Rings, The Hobbit, King Kong OMG. great movies. Peter Jackson is one of the most talented movie makers! The Hobbit Premier this weekend. I cant wait for twait so.. The Hobbit is gonne be 2 films?since when is peter jackson so slim?Peter Jackson is really cool :oDwarfs in a golfcart. Awesome.What virus is the gift we take?Thanks for the wonderful video (from South Africa). Cant wait to see itYOU CAN WATCH FREE MOVIES AND DOWNLOAD ONLINE HERE
film.drilldc.comRaghu
Puttaim very much excited to watch this movie!saw it today...just epic.. little bit sad that its in 3 parts :(Movie was Brilliant actors Brilliant everything Brilliant Y does it not look like Peter Jackson is working hard. All he does is bark orders and drink tea?man... if u believed that 5 kids and it was the best film ever i still wouldnt judge :L I'm glad to hear it's good, cant wait to see it XDyeah! Tomorrow I am going to see this movie! **facepalm** there are three films for the Hobbit in 2012, 13 and 14They used about 16 of those little red epic cameras each one cost $25,000 that's $400,000 shit24 more hours for me Like Kristena says, Pete Jackson claims to have enough material for a five hour Hobbit trilogy. It's going to be awesome but a long wait.They're making three Hobbit moviesi thought The Lord Of The Rings was the next? nope :D 12/12/12 :D so today hereAnd did you see that bull-shit they did to Pokemon?! That game was a major part of my childhood. It's what got me a good portion of my good friends, a couple of which have been life-long. And those insensitive bastards decided to rip it off (illegally, btw) and try to use it to say it's about nothing but animal slavery and fantasy dog fighting. It's a CHILDS GAME ABOUT CUTE ANIMALS FIGHTING IN A SAFE, NONLETHAL WAY FOR FUN!
LEAVE THE CHILDREN OUT OF THIS!I know :Pgonna see the film in just about 3,5 hours:D:D:D:D::D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:DI LOVED IT!the hobbit was amazing!!!Your name brings terrible memories of failed platinum runs back. Your name is a little too much for me to bare at the moment, I'd like you to leave now 
*opens door and tries not to look at you in the eye*You fail to mention how they bought an industrial size freezer and recorded putting a few hundred animals to sleep each year without having purchased any sort of euthanasia pharmaceuticals, or how their core belief is for no one to own any pets, as if the ones we've domesticated suddenly wouldn't mater or be worth a fking bit of anything.i hated the movie so much...because i have now to wait a year for the next one xDI know right... I've been overestimating Youtube's general IQ once again.Yeah I watched it aswell here in Norway. Loved it ! :)wow the nz scenery is AMAZING ,17:00 onwards, it incredible
29:30 lolWould be great if all the producers moved in Hobbiton :)Since you obviously didnt get it, ill explain. Hes being sarcastic and making fun of a drama-storm that some people made about 25 or so animals dying during the filming. Hes not from peta and hes not serious. You really need to get your sarcasm meter checked. Awesome movie, watched it last night as it was released in New Zealand midnight last night. You have to watch it in 3D & high frame rate; feels like you are there. Crystal clear.3D LINK
43:26Elijah Wood looks exactly the same 11 years ago29:37 <3!I absolutely love this video blogs and how in depth they are in the film making process, big respect to Peter Jackson for doing these not many other directors do. 40:02 production designer looks laiyke he should be paat of the kest *new zealand accent*Nobody gives a fuck? Humans are at the top of the food chain. Other animals get eaten.were you one of them??? FUCKING ANIMAL STFU1 hour left!!!tomorrow i can finally sing in the cinema !!Tonight 00,00 its TIMEEEYes. 90 years old ;)tomorrow<36 hours in Finland!! EHMAGERDH!WOW THIS JOB IS AMAZING awesome!!!Peter Jackson is no longer fat dudeBARREELLLSSSi had the honour to see it yesterday at the Swiss Pre-Premiere...absolut recommendable movie!!!im going this evening to the premiere haha
TOMORROW!!!Mmmm STEAK DINNERS TONIGHT, let's go kill some veal!a gift 4 my friends.... yeeeaaaahh!!!I. CAN'T. WAIT. GAAAAAHHHI highly disapprove 3D motion pictures, it has a lot of side effects, who ever invented them they didn't care of once health, they ware thinking of their pockets.Fuck you Ivancock.Wait!!! is Gollum directing the second unit?Almost all movies are displayed with 24 fps, but The Hobbit will be showed with double that in theaters where the technique has been installed. It's called 3D High Frame Rate. Some people have complained about feeling ill because of this, but we will all have to see for ourselves! :-)I can't wait!!
cant wait to watch this :-)I'm going to watch it on 12/12/2012 at 12 o'clock  :))
did he say "the human eye sees 60 fps?" as far as i know its just 30 isnt it? JUST A FEW DAYS TO WAIT :)Because real midgets suckOh I was expecting some understanding of sarcasm and irony on Youtube... guess I was waiting too much from people.Are you fucking kidding me....-___- people got hungry now go away you idiot, NOT HERE!!!Peter Jackson is gettin Vater every blog ^^they didnt kill anythihing. it was the ones in charge of keeping the animals safe that killed them. they were not part of his crew but local farmers. he didnt knowok well if you care so much, volunteer yourself to die inplace for the animals next time, k? yeah,you wouldnt, thats what i thought.OMG 543 ANIMALS WERE EATEN DURING THE SHOOTING OF THE MOVIE ALSO 54 INSECTS WERE CRUSHED AND 2 FISHES DIED IN THEIR AQUARIUM USED TO LOVE TOLKIEN BUT THIS GOES WAY TOO FAR please give me some attention kthxbye love petawhy they didn't use real midgets anyway...?0:33:39I wouldn't even care if they killed 27 people to make this movie!! It would be a small price to pay for an epic movie.Not true END of story. The animal trainers can testify to that! whoever started it is full of itThey Killed none of those animals they died on their own i trust the words of the SPCA more than a media hype seeking organisation like Peta Wow... Sorry for the late reply, YouTubes new layout made replies impossible to see without looking directly into your inbox and hunt them down. (Grats youtube, you borked it up again)

Anyway, "We must away, 'ere break of day~"Ummm...If you actually fact checked, you'll realize that your statement simply is not true.CANT FUCKIN WAIT TO SEE IT
0:38:25
cant w8 till i see it in the theater.
48fps+5k resolution+3d is awsome combieFunny how before the video started there was an advert for T
he Hobbithey i did a sequel you may like it :)

/watch?v=sYo5uts6T4EI used to be PO at how Peter Jackson changed the story around in some parts, however I can forgive him because the visual effects are AMAZING and he did take a big gamble creating such long movies. I'd marathon all the ring movies and finish off with the hobbit. XDI'm friends with the actor who played Oin :Dif i was them id just stay in costume for the rest of my natural life... :Di like how hes so down to earth , and humorous to his fan"To Barcelona, to meet Doctor Who fans from spain!"
I'm glad some people never change!do a youtube search for "alternative ending where frodo dies" - This is for those who are beyond excited for this release!!! 
Why does this vid, and so many other hobbit vids also say Lord of the Rings?29:46 The look that impregnated female dwarves all over middle earthYES T-MINUS 5 DAYSGeorge Lucas 0:28:45?you ask yourself why jackson can tell the story so perfectly? well, coz he is a real hobbit, the son of bilbo ;)Can't wait this movie any more!...whats the name of the song @1:06:55 ??
lol29:37 ahahaha :DIm with you. 3D is nothing more than expensive cheap trick in movies and until the day comes when it brings something actually worth seeing to movies I will just watch 2D movies... Also I cant see 3D movies so why bother :D0:36:15 gandalf in 3-d glasses is the most epic thing ive seen in a long time28:43 George Lucasseems like he gets fat every time he directs a new film. must be trying to fit in with hobbits...1:04:59 U dropped ur glasses.(Referring to the blog about 3d) The irony is that Martin Freeman himself said that he hopes 3d is a phase that will be over soon XDI love this!!!When i see this, i really see it's not that easy to make a great movie :oit's beyond amazing how much work and effort and planing and everything goes into making a movie like thisBest part: 33:28i know right, he really has. good for him =)I wish i could live in middle earth. Best line in this entire video.
"There's a chopper behind me, idn't there?"
...
*FWOOOM!!!*It feels like I just watched Peter Jackson age 10 years in the length of this video.Dr Who as Radagahst the Brown. Awesome :D0:36:15 Gandalf looking great! hahahah shit he changed a lot towards the end O.oIts not dumbledore. Dumbledore is the wizard from harry potter.... its gandalf thats in lord of the rings. Gandalf is way better than dumbledore...Just not a fan of 3D.why?Anyone else feel like Peter Jackson is turning into a Hobbit?I don't know about the third one since the part's not too big in the book if I remember it correctly, but he's certainly in the second film! And I'm not a guy... but you're welcome anyhow!Not me bro!! Middle earth in 3D?? Euphoric man. I'll have plenty of chances to watch it 2D on blu ray!Still can't believe this man created Bad Taste....brilliant.
These guys look so tired.awechum!Jesus Christ! someone stole most of Peter Jackson! i very excited about seeing this film -bring it on hobbits!
CHUR!I request that we begin singing! I'll begin.
*Ahem*
Far over the Misty Mountains cold~!Did you watch the entire video? is it comming out of the screen 3d or depth like in avatar?
Oddly enough, peter jackson looks less like a hobbit than he EVER HAS !!I'm probably buying some 2d glasses.wow those swords are realPeter has lost weight. Good for him. Uhhh....he isnt born yet. this is a prequel :)I hope I can see it in 2D!GANDALF DIES ON PAGE 254Dude............Gobbit weed man, radical shit! Live up!If the truth scares you then you're only part of the problem.Anything in which you value enough to spend your time doing that supplies you with a mode of independent living that does not infringe upon or violate the rights of others. Whether thats flipping burgers or saving lives doesnt matter. The "occupational worth"(as in the moral standing of the job NOT the intrinsic value) is the same,mark hadlow , pritty shore he was harry in "willy nilly"
" If I ever build myself a house, it will look like Bagg EndAnd the high stress. Also with how busy he is I'm sure he ate alot of junk food.LOL...that was a good one!yeh i noticed he had trimmed down after filming rings...  it must be the mobile foods...It still puzzles me seeing all the Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf at the same height yet in the movie, they are all different heights. Just a great challenge to see overcome during filmmaking"Who's having fun?
Yayyyyyyy"
0:38:12 hahahahha Ten years after, Peter Jackson's making offs are still journeys on their own... He's one of the most talented men of History, to me... Incredible...who is that odd little fellow?lol the ad before the video was the hobbit :D.....wow it took you one year to figure that out^^
but yeah it was fucking suprising to me aswell when i first found outi need some hobbit weed !!!Can't describe how excited I am!OMG can i go play in the costume department. 
I can fit 3D glasses over my own glasses fine. But then I guess some people's glasses are bigger than mine.almost shit my pants at 33:38If you're not a dumbfuck and know how to put them on, they are few times more comfortable than glasses. When one ends an argument with an insults, it usually means it doesn't know what more to say.I would really like to see the floor plan of Bilbo's house.
"We've got 48 RED EPIC cameras." HOLY SHIT!Hope he take some photos of the dogs to show us.. never seen a dog without a nose before..Peter Jackson has lost a bit of weight since LotR, good for him! :) actually the third will be released july 18, 2014nice, glad to know the sport is spreading into America :)peter jackson is just the manWould love to see The Silmarillion when this project is completed. Don't know how well that would translate to screen though... quite a heavy book. YES! The next three Christmases!! :)so excited!!!!!!!
Peter Jackson gained a lot of weight during the Vlog!Well, the Hobbit is a lighter book and was intended as a child's book. If that was no indication, the trailer has quite a bit of humor. Still, I know Jackson is more than capable of balancing all the elements to create an all-round great film.33:36 scared the shit out of me.Yes, there are 3. The appendices of the book provide a lot of material for a third movie.I believe the first one end december/begin january. Second one in june and the last one should be at the end of 2013ish (not fully sure though!)Yes dude, it will be a Trilogy. Like the Lord of the  Rings. Pretty neat, huh?we play rugby in the states, my high school has a rugby team.and red skull, he's in alot of great franchises lolso pumped for this movie!17:20 - 17:38 some americans are probably like "wtf is a rugby field" lolHoly... 9:47 The All Blacks Haka teacher in the Black and Yellow Shirt!same here.I'm just really hoping that these next 3 hobbit movies aren't hokey :(Dwarf 'air guitar' 
LOLThey have dogs with no noses!my left ear thoroughly enjoyed this13:48 As soon as he said "Barcelona" My first thought was "The city or the planet?" Then he mentioned Dr. Who and my day was made.
How much coffee does Peter Jackson have in a day? He's got a cup in his hand in every scene!Thanks for posting!! Amazing.12 years later? will better late then never :PIt's going to be GCI porn based on a thin book stretched out for hours and hours and hours. Suck it will be.cant wait to watch the moviePeter Jackson should do the next Star Wars!!!
...up the directas taint...This movie is gonna kick us all IN THE ASS!!! :DI read this book no less than 12 times when I was a kid. This is like re-living my childhood :)I can't wait for this movie!!!You are crazy...but you've got plenty of company!  I love everything about those DVD's from cast commentary, to designing middle earth, to the concept art and production stills.    It gives you a real look in to the amazing experience it was and makes you feel a part of it. I only hope there is as much content on the hobbit DVD's. It came round quick..I know the feeling. Less than two weeks left now, can´t wait!And Gandalf is Magneto! awesome! I will wait for the Hobbit then. Thanks! No, however, if you watch the LOTR after the Hobbit, it may have more meaning to you. The Hobbit came first.Hey people!! will I have to watch all of the "Lord of the Rings" movies to understand the story of "The Hobbit"?every time i see elrond i can't hold myself, i just say it  out loud : Mr. Anderson!Elrond= Megatron!I've watched this like 8 times... And I still have no idea why I love watching this so much.My right ear is lonely.is the silmarillion nxt hope so that wud b gud
wow this was actually very fun to watch :Di would say after this movie should be one more called the lord of the rings the third age this movie would be about what happend before the fourth movies Me and my best friend are going to watch this in two weeks. :3 And its in 3D so it's cool. :DI hate it that I can`t see 3D this is the first movie were I actully would love to be able to do so...well it is still gonna be great even in 2D I am sure about that :)New Zealand is just the perfect for Middle-earth. I kind of reminds me of Skyrim as well :)Oh my God I genuinely enjoyed watching this!!
I can't be the only one who got that, surely XDahwwww Richie and Peter Jsherlocks in the movie too!OMG 6:10 GANDALF!!!!!!!!! IAN IS BY FAR THE BET ACTOR EVER!!!!You are so right1:04:58 he dropped his sun.glassesWait, beginning of video, he says something about seeing us in 3-D. I don't know if I'm THAT ignorant, but is this movie going to be in FREAKING 3-D!?!?!?!saw a the hobbit advertisement before this... hobbitception O_o
but were addopted in Englad  and  ireland when norsemen  raided and settled area ( and i say norsemen and not vikings cause viking isnt a race  or folk its a job description - raider in their language but  since obviously most  non norsemen met them as raiders  got used to call whole folk vikings)not  just cause of what feel  LOTR has but because  actualy JRR Tolkien  had  once said that  one of the reasons  he conceived Hobbit and LOTR was  cause he  was teaching languages and   knew about Greek and Norse  history and mythology and felt that in sagas department england was  a bit  poor so he  thought  to create a fictional saga as a personal project, but tied to modern too obviously.Afterall all the major  elven legends were born  in norse lands (even "dwarf" comes from a swedish word) @00:57:21  MINDFUCK!im sooooo glad i live 30 mins away from the shirei mean it was marketed originally as an english film tho really, i mean theres no nationalism behind movies outside of war flicks lol so idt theres any reason ne1 shulda said, hey thats american! lolactually i believe most of the sets were made in england and new zealand bcuz of the sceneary (new zealand-those beautiful mountains, england - rolling hills, though they culd have easily found both in america) but i think the real reason is bcuz the LOTR features a "feudalistic" middle-earth, and feels more natural w/an old english accent instead of a new english accent, so its easier to get all the speaking and background role actors to supply the film w/. but i think massive cgi was americanNope, never. Kiwi, all the way, and for the win :D90 procent of this movie is recorded on green screenfake forrest too. Not real forestsee this w w w.subtitrare.in see this w w w.subtitrare.in That is a dream job!Anyone notice Peter Jackson gaining more weight throughout the vlogs? Ooh, I know! It's because with each day of directing this film, he gains more and more awesomeness and his body can't handle it all, causing it to expand in order to accommodate the growing amount of epic!! :D 29:30 fuck yaThe accent of the producers are revealing. So, Lord of The Rings movies have never been Americans? I can't see the red barwhy are you watching it then these men are putting years of their lives to bring a beloved story to life show some respect and don't act like you understand what goes into a movie. My head cannot even imagine how much money and work goes into one of these. Serious respect for the people who produce these massive movies.0:26:07 give us a kiss!The answer is in the title. Congrats.Is it me or is there an extremely irritating clicking noise when ever Mr. Jackson speaks?That is what makes humanity great you ignoramus! The fact we can make pictures that move and make people have fun, although I suspect you know no such thing as fun. If everyone lived in your corporate world where you eat naught but faeces and the only social life you lead is "talking" to colleagues over a water cooler. You may keep your holy bureaucratic system working in fine order but maybe someone wants to have fun and do something they actually enjoy doing rather than live in your grey world36:14 Oppan Gandalf Style ! xD36:14 Oppa Gandalf Stle! xDMaking a feature film is a vacation?we all do lol!LOL thanks. By the way this was all just a joke. No hard feelings. I really do love people with glasses just as much as people without them...Who else has watched this a few thousand times? I have it in the background when I play MineCraft. I've made a lot of Hobbit holes... No, seriously, I'm running out of room on the first continent I started on... I don't know what I'm gonna do with them...0:33:38 OMG, I shat bricks!And I just now realized that the man who plays Dr. Watson on BBC Sherlock and the man who plays Jekyll from the BBC series are in this!whatever anyone else is willing to pay you for your service, and not a cent more. as needs change, so does a persons occupational worth. When Shit hits the fan, the plumbers reap the rewards.i love the place .. fantastic
wow.. cant wait for 2013
Take "act" or "write" and put "play the (insert instrument here)" in that spot.  A lack of appreciation at how many hours it takes to learn a skill is most of the issue.Some of the sets and build pieces from LOTR were used as well as common place items.  Much of it is spanking new.Peter Jackson, he knows how to make epic moviesQUIET COMMIEWhat I'm wondering is, did they leave all these sets as they were or did they have to build them all again?Crap, didn't mean to put a question mark at the end of "actually" LOL....Oh good lord. What are you going on about? Acting and filmmaking are respectable artistic professions, actually? Can you act or direct or write scenes or do any of the things these people do? If you have favorite movies, these people are the reason you have them to enjoy. So maybe try to be a little more appreciative?I think he's referring to the system that compensates people so inadequately based on supply and demand, rather than actual contribution to the human condition.If it collapses, we have no blockbusters. Stop being cynical, and maybe rethink what you're doing with your life.I wish Ian McKellen was my grandfather :(@Queen1midas grow up. even in the unlikely circumstance that that did happen, thousands of animals are killed every day. why arent you off boycotting meat instead? also, they didn' wake up one day and say " do you know what would be really fun? we should kill a bunch of animals!" and you boycotting the movie is not going to change anything. they'll make just as much money, and those animals will still be dead.I remember watching this movie has a anim. I still have it on vhs/dvd. I would love to see this movie when it comes out.My left ear enjoyed thisBack in the 80s and 90s, they only had those cutout 3-D glasses with red and blue lenses.  Those weren't heavy, they didn't cause headaches or eyestrain, you didn't get the concentrated radiation exposure right around your noggin, and they were just all-around more practical.  You could even place them easily over your own glasses, provided the frames were small enough.  I sorely miss those.what exactly is a measure of occupational worth then?Current reports are three dead horses, 27 dead animals in total.  The place were they were kept was apparently full of sinkholes, and they were not as careful about fencing or feeding as they should have been.  Two horses suffered bad falls, the first of which apparently killed the first animal and the second of which sent the second into a river to drown.  Go back to your virtual girlfriend videos, you disgusting little puke.and his hair turns white!Life is not lived for others, "crucial civil services" are not a measure of  occupational worth.  creating a movie is a hell of a lot of work that you obviously don't know shit about And that the "dumb masses" do in fact make them a profit means that the system is not collapsing but growing and prospering as it created paying jobs for people that are funded by these masses. So quit acting like a fuck, or at least actually put thought into the words that you use, you are so very misinformed.their were 3 animals that died and all from natural causes the animal safety people just want to be part of the hobbit so they made a fucked up lie because they werent in itFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~disappointed in 3d but have amazing faith in Peter Jackson. I've watched all three of LOTR over 100 times each. Never disappointed. Glad Alan Lee and John Howe are back.29:37  metallica versionContacts?WHERE'S BENEDICT?!I wouldn't even call him a "sir". He's just a pathetic idiot.3D is so much bullshit. Ruins the experience of the film.LOLNice aristotelian logical reasoning right there.... I sure hope so we do not. But meanwhile we do.Your problem four eyes speccy git. I don't give a shit because I don't need glasses and by the time I do we probably won't need glasses for 3D anyway.HOBBIT HORSES KILLERoh yes, you are kind and smart and you love the films and the flowers xDEver heard of people whom by choice dislike contact lenses?you sir are stupid.only in the US, Around 75% of adults wear some sort of eye correction, 64% wear glasses dumbass.ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS ANIMAL KILLERS fuck people with glasses. Who cares about stupid 4 eyes!It really doesn't give much away about the film. The trailers give away more than these Vlogs do.I hope that this ends up on the blu ray release of the movie... that is so col that hobbiton is now a town :) PETER JACKSON HORSES KILLERElrond...LAUGHTING????
TO MEET... Doctor Who fans.... From spain?hey i want to see smaog the dragonOkay, first of all probably a just a rumour. Secondly, why the fuck? This is going to be a great movie, stop bitching and go watch it... Christ....So looking forward to the movie! Congrats Peter Jackson and co!God i love waitching stuff like this. I hopefully get to particiapte in a process like this one dayyou mean behind the scenes footage? there plenty on the extended edition DVDs.this is brilliant to see. would love to work in this. im now not surprised about the budget of this movie..i wish they did this for lord of the rings
9:43 Peter should have just quoted Return of the King by doing the Aragorn Speech.it would be so awkward  to play golumdamn peter get your glasses and curls again ! :DIf you pay attention you can actually see the director gaining weight along the video and compare haha!7:00 The Blessing of The Sound Stage = SO COOL! I just can't wait to see this movie, and then someday, we will be able to watch the entire series as one giant marathon experience. To Jackson, cast and crew, I am so grateful for the monumental dedication and effort you have put into these movies. I hold everyone in the highest respect. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.right. so when are yhou starting work on the silmarillion?when Peter Jackson gains weight, you know shit is about to get serious: BEAST MODEThey were probably eaten by trolls, goblins, and Smaug. Plus I am pretty sure the sheep went into the Roast Mutton from Chapter 2. Bet they were all tasty. I just got done eating some chicken myself too.oh stfu go cry somewhere else, no one needs to know that u dont want to watch the moviePlease don't watch it then. That'll show 'em.Peter Jackson spokesman acknowledged that horses, goats, chickens, & sheep died during the filming of The Hobbit & that 2 horses’ deaths were avoidable. THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE, he should be ashamed. I wont watch this fucking movie, or any of his movies, and hope you do the same. 
i realy wish there was a lord of the rings 4! wouldnt that be amazing!!
rrealy wish that it didn't end at 3 :(( but it has a sad and nice ending!Legolas here too?Disappointed by the lack of Stephen Fry in these videos!when is it gonna come out??I can't Tooking Wait ..."This is gonna really well right?"
*Long silence*
"Umm...."This movie is going to be so fucking amazing.the problem of 3-D is that it Ostracizes people who wears Glasses, which is HUGE.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~i think this will be one of the rare movies that uses 3D in a good wayWho didn't?Thumbs up if you watched the whole thing!It's in 3D?! FuckAhh I fucking hate 3-D!!!!!No, because anyone who has read the book knows what happens anyway. This is just giving us an insight into how these films are made.i dont know .... i dont think thats this will be that great than lotr . I mostly agree more with him ... /watch?v=L9i-ODNMgZk&feature=plcp   (german cartoon parody)Where is frodo?57:43 LOLEverybody is pulling out a beard lolGonna be awesome!!on your way peter jackson
by far tolkiens best work
Peter Jackson almost always is showing up with a cup in his hand ;] Noticed that? heheexact same problem :/0:07:50  who is that ?God damn it! I am writing a paper right now and this popped up on the side...wth?! Now I have to watch this.
All directors should a leaf out of Peter Jackson's book. He is such an inspiring person for anyone looking to charge forward into the world of film.Frodo looks like he hasn't aged a day...1 hour, 8 minutes and 48 seconds with goosebumps. Can't wait!:D can't wait!!!!6:00 Gandalf!!!!! <3... so many memories :')57:54 

"I'm just worried about the... um... the dinosaurs."There going to make so much money from this movie hahaRemember when Peter Jackson looked like a fat little Hobbit? Lookin' good man!Is it me or is Peter gaining more weight each blog?????thats what i feel every time I use the pc late.
It's much, much, much, much, much of money. God damn!OMG I can't wait for this movie!!!Man, I would love to fly back to NZ and do some work as an extra. That would be so cool.sup gimliApart from the artistic achievement, acting,  costumes and music, the actual organization of everyone, all the equipment, catering,  vehicles and animals  is amazing. Looking forward so much to December 26th!  Good Luck everyone involved.1 hour, 8 minutes and 48 seconds well spent. although now i need to get some sleep hahaha :3hahaha i was thinking the same xDat 29:25 the fat as dwarf CRACKED ME THE FUCK UPSadly, yes.Tolkien must have spent his weekends eating magic mushrooms in the woods.anyone else getting an extremely annoying clicking sound?Check out my piano cover THE HOBBIT
youtube.com/watch?v=0rdfLnsCb9Ethis is absolutely AMAZING! I am so happy for this movie :)omfg it have past 12 YEARS! LOL! i am older :SI hope they don't destroy the set after they finish likw the most of the studios does0:29:37 best part! hahaha

Can't wait to see this movie!5k p LOL?

I love you Ian MacEllen :D30 years old, that was scary!0:33:40 hahahahaOMG I LOVE RICHARDI wish i could move to the hobbiton place :(Prepare the seed-cakes!this movie will be fu... amazing :)))
FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~But that was for breakfast...NO YOU WON'T BE HAPPY! BECAUSE THERES STILL 2 OTHER SEQUELS!! IN 2013 and 2014got on via horse >:)but then you're going to miss part 2..what a strange little manI'm 44, and I get that too!Sorry, but i'll betray my pirates principles. Brb gotta get the money.Damn it youtube, I should be sleepingThank you :)new zealand yeah Wtf is a "2nd 2nd Assistant"? is it the third assistant or has the second assistant assistants himself?Not to mention the enormous amount of characters :D During The Hobbit...Aragorn would have been 22 ('round about) - Fun fact :)It would be extremely difficult to create a movie from Silmarillion unless you cut out a major part of it. : / There isn't much of a plot since the characters would keep changing.Damn Tolkien caused quite a fuss here!oh god oh god... i can't wait!!!! 28:16 
'where is richard'
Richard! Someone's tryin to find you! :)"What dwarf would you invite for dinner?"
I wouldn't invite any dwarf, but they all would come uninvited anyway.Actually, yes, that's been confirmed. Elijah was present for filming in Matamata. WTF is Galadrie doing there:P?From what i've seen, looks like he'll appear in the beggining of the movie, when Bilbo starts telling him how he went on an adventure. And the rest of the movie is like a flashback from the adventure. But i'm not sure! Just saw it on the Trailer.Emergherd!Wow I want to become an actor when i see these scences!No hard feeling, bro :) We are hobbits, and as hobbits we are united.

This has all been a big misunderstanding I think xD
Lotr ftw!maybe as a 5-6 old kid xdWill Frodo possibly make a cameo in The Hobbit?yeah, stole my comment and reformulated it, awesome imagination mate ,his name is Elijah Wood...and no one is arguing :)
I thought your fact was missing something. no hard feelings :D0:29:36 "It's Metallica version"

If I see this movie before '2012' happens, i'll die happy.Yay I get to see the best movie ever Right before I die ( Mayas are mean ) What a wonderful world :D!!!is anyone else hearing the clicks?
sorry for the stupid question but who is he? is he one of the actors???Its fun to watch his weight fluctuate throughout the process of making The HobbitWhere's Howard shore??Wow you are so misinformed that it's astonishing. Two horses died, one of injuries received during an accident, the second died of injuries from getting caught in a fence. A few chickens died from sickness, a goat or two got injured or sick, and maybe a pig. None of these things happened during production, they happened at a farm where they were holding the animals. Since then Jackson has put out a statement regarding this situation and more money has been spent to make sure nothing else happensPeter is a Hobbit Nostalgic, simply nostalgic. Feels like yesterday that I saw the Fellowship of the Ring and saw the extended cuts extra material.i want an 5 k cam too :) my brain exploded when i heard "Manhattan Beach" and a New York accent. i grew up on manhattan beach and just recently moved away. it is, in fact, the closest beach to JFK airport but a terrible place to be during the summer. every summer at least 5 ghetto people shoot each other over there. IT WAS EPIC
THE ENTlRE LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN FROM
bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=esgesgse
bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=segseggs(I am very sorry for that they died, and I wish they wouldnt have died. But life goes on as does everytinh in this world. We cant recreate the dead or undo what was done, but we can honor those brave creatures by watching this film they died for.)God bless you, I would love to have the same self-control as you... But I dont..
To excited about the movie...Besides dont you think those animals is at a better place now? In unison with all the souls in heaven? :)I have read the books, all of them inclusive silmarillion...
They are the best :)
But I am talking about the actor that are playing him in the movie :) 
So.... Please try see this video and try to understand my comment before arguing with me :) 

Peace out!Frodo was 50 or 55 when he left Hobitan with Sam...read the book. It's way better then the movie. and the movies is so f***ing GOOD!!I wish I could have been there back in the beginning when Peter Jackson went to see Ian Mckellen and said, "I'm looking for someone to share in an adventure..."efimmm eu  adoro tanto eles comop os outros... por q ele me deram motivo dvida
but there's the fact too that he was the ring bearer for a few years which gave him no aging at all :DThey don't show anything about the 27 horses and other animals that died from negligence during the film. Not even a half-hearted apology. It's a shame that people care more about fantasy than about what's going on in the real world. I'm boycotting it.yayer peter... reppin the kiwi accent!JESUS. H. MORGOTH.
Going to watch the crap out of this one. So valar damn excited for it.I watched these blogs the other way around so from the latest which is 8 to 1. Someone GAINED weight!work commitments mean i cant watch the film until the 15th....THAT'S 2 DAYS LONGER, ITS JUST NOT FAIRPsychedelic forest xD Amazing.He has 5 helicopters? Holy fucklol Christopher Lee. The Eternal.In this video is a misterious ticking noise._.
They're Takeing the Hobbits to Isengard!I'm very glad to see that they film actual enviroments instead of everything being computer made.So he is in the second and the third one ? But still thanks man.He's not, apparently they cut him out when it was comfirmed they will do three movies. So Beorn (Michael Persbrandt) will appear in the next movie. Which I guess also tells a lot for the ones who've read the book where they will cut between the first and second movie... Where are my 3D glasses!!!
I hope the Bear-man Beorn is in the movie.Man Ian Mckellan is an amazingly classy individual. Love watching him!!!38:11 XDCant wait to see this movieDoes anyone think that Peter Jackson could make The Silmarillion in to a great movie?:D :DLol again 33:28Lol again at 22:2829:37 FUCKING EPIC  XD XDlol drum solo FTW 29:32LOL 29:32It's 3Hence why their called half-lings part human which is the appearance a dwarf for the height and an elf for the long lives I think when he actually goes on the journey he is 50. In the Beginning of the Lord of the Rings (Bilbo's great party) he himself turns 33. But in The book, there's actually a lot of years passing in between the party and the actual departure for the quest (I think 17 years) which does not come across (or maybe it doesn't even happen) in the films...I CANT WAIT FOR THIS MOVIE TO COME OUT! i mean this will definitely be the biggest movie of the year. more than the avengers or the dark knight rises and all the hyped up blockbuster movies that came out recently. i mean this movie is the ONE that everybody will see. this will be the biggest movie event ever! everybody should circle december 14th on their calendars or phones or ipads or whatever. i mean there should be a countdown clock in times square for the release. i cant wait. SO EXCITED!29:36 Heavy metal dwarvesanyone notice how Peter put on weight towards the end of the video.
73Replying to myself: I searched it and HOLY CRAP HES 73How old is he? Like 55 or 60?I'm so happy to see Sylvester McCoy get proper work, he's a very under appreciated actor and personality.Great movie go to my YouTube to watch the video hdthe audio is kind of clipping sometimesIts the Shire Theme
Yeah it IS Sir Peter Jackson. he has lost alot of weight since the making of Lord of the Rings.
Sorry stupid question... Is that Peter Jackson?? did he lose weight??What is that song that plays in the beginning!?hobbits live longer and age slower then humansIan McKellen came to my school on Monday... He shouted "you shall not pass" :') This is definitely going to be the first DVD I've bought in the past 2 years... And I'll be damn fucking proud doing so!Hey Peter's fat again!! :pThis is ..... :) 
Can't explain how i feel The Hobbit sounds exciting, but whatever happens to be the reason to see that scenery in New Zealand, it remains one of the most stunning landscapes on earth!FRODO IS 30?! :D What is up with that? Well, gotta say, he's gonna look great on his older days.
What a lucky hobbit... Just like the Dark Knight, i will see it multiple times and buy the DVD. Why? BECAUSE THIS GENIUS DESERVES IThaha, best part?
26:07Martin. . . Freeman.29:38 funny momentlmao when?i think the tourism board of New Zealand just found their new promo vid. Sir Ian Mckellen's cheeky giggle at 'having a couple at a time' 31:00It's not copyright but not spoiling the movie.He's been like that for years.Anyone else hear this annoying stupid mini-popping sound under the whole video?I would say stress caused itso it's the exact same set in the exact same place....
should have just left the old one standing :)is it me or he coing fat agen with making hobbitLEGOLAS! WHAT DO YOUR ELF EYES SEE?

Peter Jackson!! Has lost weight!!we have 119 harry potter and star wars fanswelcome to x-menI only just realized that Gandalf is Magneto... Damn!And according to Americans, the movie is called The Har-BitSo according to Mr Peter Jackson, this movie is called The Hawbett
IM GONNA SEE THE HOBBIT ON DECEMBER 12TH 2012it's new zeland were they also recorded all of the lord of the rings movie'sjackson looks much junger than I remembered himOne does not simply download this epic masterpiece. I'm going to pay with honor when I enter the cinemaGive me the movie <3AWESOME I CANT WAIT!!!!Wellington, New Zealand.New Zeland again i think idkcan't wait!!!! whyyyyyyy goddddWelcome to 2005!The Lord of the Rings was filmed in New Zealand, which I would assume is the location of filming for The Hobbit.Peter Jackson makes fun of everything!
I love him!The fact that Ian Mckellen is getting older is making me sad.You can see the difference in trailer and trilogy.I love his acting and i admire the character Gandalf :) MAY HE LIVE FOREVERYep, & by the end of the video he's gained it all back!Well... Jackson( seems) to be eating for the dwarves again!why are they interviewing a pilot?porta-lu's?? whats porta-lu's preciousss...?New Zealand has officially moved to the top of my list of places I need to visit before I die. 
Love the korero from Richard from London, England at 7:25 ...kia ora and can't wait!i watch this time and time again amazing sets looking great!thank you Mr. Jackson. you saved us from vampires, zombies and other crap :) god bless you I think I forgot to breathe throughout the whole thing.Peter!  You're wasting away!  You've been skipping second breakfast haven't you?  :)@pnhuvvq yep some of them are spot on. I'm more cautious than anyone, but then they gave me 150 greenbacks banked! really simple all you have to do is complete some opinion polls . Get involved here >  bit.ly/UCgLeU?=edjukkAlways I look to Andy Serkis something in my head says " My Precious" LOLaudio is... annoying
So many awesome actors!Yeah its not complete vlog.How I wish I could be there!I think he just realised he was happier being bigger. Hes not as big as he was.The only thing that went wrong with the trilogy - apart from the really weak Minas Tirith battle - was the fact that Peter Jackson didn't direct and produce every single bit of it. I guess it remains an epic film has yet to fully capture. As translations of stories to film go though, it still sits right up in the top of good shots. Money & political correctness is a drag the future will hopefully be free of ;()

Hopefully 'The Hobbit' will be consistent. No reason to cut anything out.
This is beautiful.  Dang, Richard Armitage is pretty hot I saw this before, I could swear it was Longer than 1h and 8mins. Thought It showed like Orlando bloom and all the Weapons and stuff. WierdTHANK YOU!Who is that.. odd little fellow? hahaha0:29:36 "That's the Metallica version" Haha! 
 
         CANT WAIT              Im reading the hobbit now :)how much so i can live in that hobbit hole?except for the lord of the rings themselves...they will never to topped!0:29:37 HAHAHAHA i hate the trend of calling things "epic" but there is no other word.  i haven't been this excited for a movie since Return of the Jedi the first time around.  my favorite book ever is coming to life.
some...? A LOT OF MOVIES :pnice sword1:04:35 Bow ties are cool. ;)largely due to the fact that this is not citys but rather houses... and not with flying craft, but yeah i get your sentimentWhat a cool cast. A lot of blockbuster movies have primarily American actors so when there's this much variety in nationality it really makes it unique. must write essay.... but hobbbittttttyes i know... :(damn why is my english so bad I understand maybe 40% of what they say.. :( MASTER OF FAPPING !!!!! 0:48:580:33:58 WTF?!0:33:28 the best scene in my opinion :)Oh Peter, you're such a good actor...113 people are goblinsOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOhhhh YEEAAAAASSssssss.....Bought my ticket today, and there is a 2D version. I'm planning on seeing both versions, which I usually don't do, because of the cost. I usually stick with 2D, but after seeing the segments here about the development of the 3D effects, I decided to give it a chance.lol doctor who reference
Well... You know... They've finished the first 1/3 :P BUT YEAAAHHHHHHHHHHH WOOOle Peter's lost some weight. Looking good.
3D heh. I hope there will be 2D version as well.Lord of the rings made my collect swords.didn't recognize him lol, damn he has transformed :D113 orksIm surprise they finish this epic story in less than a year. ITS GONNA BE AWESOME!!!!i need 40 bucks to watch this on true big screen imax*Exceptional English, sir.Just CAN'T wait :D17 hours less now :DDDSimply AMAZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING :DhahahahhahaSir Ian McKellen is all "like a sir" lolthe constant popping is annoying as hellthese videos give you such a better appreciation for the movie, seeing the effort that the entire crew is putting as well as how everything is done is going to make the movie so much more enjoyableAndy Circus lives opposite me :P aha 
sameI'm so happy that you can't shoot this in 3D, seriously.I wish to draw as pretty as art director :3 I cant stop watching this video! Every time i see the thumbnail i have to watch it again. Geez i want to be a dwarf now..Duudee, is that Peter Jackson?this is so much work
i didnt expect thatYou're meant to have capitals at the start of a sentence...This is crazy amazing! -3 love JRR tolkien (:YAY! -3almost 1 million views! ahhhhhhh!!!!!Just imagine if this was a George Lucas video blog. You would just be staring at a bunch of green screen.I feel sorry for them having to waste an hour of shooting greeting those natives. What a waste of time...i want to work with this guy :')Dont believe the movie will be so great to the hype they create for this movie. LOTR was not this big hype but it became a legendary movie yet to be conquered for special effects. Hope this movie will atleast live to LOTR level expectations if not more man peter lost like a ton of weight!
this "making of" is actually better than some moviesyes thanks a lot mate ;)Do you mean the names of the movies? They're "The Fellowship of the Ring", "The Two Towers", and "The Return of the King".You're an ass.those hanging hobbit feet were really disturbingyeahHAHHHAHAHAH Gandalf in 3D glasses XD so adorable!was that watson from the sherloc series?Most of the sound of the video was in my left ear...3d never works for me :( Curse my eyes damn it!!!!! lol
How ever I think I have found something that will work for me, a lot of people with similar eye disorders/diseases have claims that Sony Personal 3d Viewer(HMZ-T1)  worked but its so expensive. I want to see the Hobbit in 3d so bad that I might have to invest in one when it comes out on Blue-Raywhouldent it be worth it seeing Hobbiton in real? i personaly thinks so, its so close but Still sooo far away0:29:39 This will bring an oscar itself.Oh my, she looks so tired 45:55 45:16 ;o Thank you everyone for your hard work. You're wonderful <3Yep, well to be fare anyone would be if your under a lot of stress to make this movie as epic as posible and at the same time opease the fans of the book.Yes mate i speak a cheap English...but what is your problem in that..i asked nicely if someone can help me ? is that a problem ? or i dont have the right to post a comment ?I'm nerding everywhere :/Jackson would make a great Bilbo Baggins! 
wish the world looked like the movie.cheerzwhen i was a kid, I hardly went to school but when the hobbit was read to the class, I was there till the book was done. totally loved it!!! cant wait to see it in 3-d. story is great, cool make-up, cheerzzzzzz    peterI think he shoot the beginning after the movie! Such an movie can be very hungery!:DMaravilhoso! Parabéns!exceptional English sirhellow. somebody can tell me all the Lord Of The Rings Trilogies .... i love too much those movies but i forgot the parts and i want to watch again at them?  Also i wait for The Hobbit it will be for sure the best movie ever i will spend all my mony to see it ... Thanks I see he's adopted the habit of wearing shoesTurning into a hobbit ... I want to live in Hobbiton so muchwait he said 2 hobbit movies around 12 minutes...12.12.12. is my birthday and i'll have the best present ever :DIt's his method of storing all that creative genius, so its easily accessible at all times. It builds up as the movie demands more from him. See, after the end of ROTK, he didn't need the creativeness as much anymore, so he let it escape, and he became skinny again. ^^Is it bad that I watched the animated movie, read the book, and am now going to see the live action film? I am fairly young I now feel that the movie will be predictable.Who is that mini guy?Nope. In fact, it's completely viable. Not only that, but they're very comfortable. Always nicely cool, but not cold. And unless it storms for days on end, it's not likely to so much as let a single drop in that doesn't come in on someones coat. 
I spent a night in a house like that, and aside from the owner snoring like a gutted boar it was one of the greatest nights sleep I've had in years. I'd suggest if you build one, do it near a wood line, the soil holds better with the roots.
~BoriNope. In fact, it's completely viable. Not only that, but they're very comfortable. Always nicely cool, but not cold. And unless it storms for days on end, it's not likely to so much as let a single drop in that doesn't come in on someones coat. 
I spent a night in a house like that, and aside from the owner snoring like a gutted boar it was one of the greatest nights sleep I've had in years. I'd suggest if you build one, do it near a wood line, the soil holds better with the roots.
~BoriIt's a thing that he does. The fatter he gets, the better the movie gets.bothno but shows that you like the rest of us was born in the wrong world xd
We went more dwarf-a-like i guess.He's smaller than he was filming Lord of the Rings though.should i watch the movie or read the book instead?AWWW as they remembered 'the lord of the rings' I got emotional.peter Jackson = Best Director EVER! also he is doing the Halo Movie...just saying.Peter Jackson's lost a bit of weight eh
This guy (the director)  worked with van damme in a film in whic he defeats some chinese guyso filme ira extrear no dia do meu aniversário dia 14 de novembro
Oh sweet sweet memories They should make a video game for the hobbit and lotr. they are the only one capable of making it good as the booksRomney possibly being president?
...
New Zealand. You better have room over there. I'm moving in! :DDamn rightWhen do you think the second and third movie coming outis it just me or did peter get gradualy fatter as it went on?Ian McKellen: "I wouldn't have them all to dinner at once, no. Maybe two at a time." WOW. Did any of my fellow nerds catch the awesome in that comment?'Cuz it's a mark for genius... ^^This was an epic journey in and of itself.why do the directors and writers always have mad scientist hair?I'll be living in the next Hobbit Hole if you find your one. If not then you I'll settle for Rivendell ;)Gotta love audio in only one ear :)yay!
this really ruins the magic of the movie...man110 orcsI'm so grateful for these movies! I rewatch The LOTR trilogy every once in a while and it brings so many nostalgic feelings. The Hobbit has reunited the crew and some of the old cast, and there's many new people, Martin Freeman is younger Bilbo, and it's all fabulous! Can't wait!Ian McKellen is a busy man
I just started reading this book today :OIt almost makes me tear up. Such an incredible adventure. And people ask me why I'm an actor...duh...because there just might be a chance in hell I'll get to do even a fraction of stuff like this. is it sad that my dream home is a hobbit hole?
Did he say twelve years ago? fuck im oldp j has lost craploads of weight
The budget allowed for this project is simply amazing...
really?!? tell us more!! ¬¬Hopefully you aren't saying Skyrim is bad.This is the third time is see this -.-I wish this was uploaded in hungarian too, even with subtitles. My dad is also a fan of Lord of the Rings -(which is a cool thing I have to say).i couldn't tell who acted who for the dwarfs!if i knew i could be in this movie i would start acting school. its a three movie series hey?i want to be in this movie!Must've been a pain in the ass to design everything for 13 dwarvesI don't think it goes for 90 minutes and would have a survey.OMG FRODO 36:17 !!!!!
IT WAS EPIC
THE ENTlRE LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN FROM   bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=rytyuiYes it is! :D old bilbo will be writing the hobbit during the movie or something like that so frodo will be there as wellHow Badass:-) Gimlis Father will be there too:-)is your name... like the MINES of moria?
Martin Freeman! <3OH MY GOD......... GANDALF SHAVED!Frodo was not in that age during the hobbit.Why is Frodo in Shire? Didn't he travel away from middel-earth?human to hobbit and back to human again..but ALWAYS brilliant and fantastic and every other superfluous adjective of awesome :)That's great! Then I'm not alone xD I laughed my ass of xD !!!! can't wait :D
Amarsanaa basaa"Be sure to pack Scotch, Tequila.. Wine and Beer.. a heap of 'plants'.. toilet roll.. and Jagermeister." All while working on The Hobbit. Jealous much?29:42 hahahahaaIf I were as rich as Peter Jackson, I really wouldn't be working at all.This popping noise is killing me...
Whoa peter jackson's so different compared to that fat corsair who was stuck by legolaspoor
i am in exactly thesame situation hahah
Gah, what's up with the pops and cracks in the audio?I'd love to work there! :o<3!the catering seems to be good...Peter was pretty skinny at the beginning and got more weight during productionI've always been a LOTR fan, long before I knew Skyrim. Btw I'm 13. I think The Hobbit is going to be something big too yeah. 
My favorite will always be LOTR though, Skyrim has no real story, full of feelings.... but it's still one hell of an awesome game.Just watched at this movie in HD 720P at:  bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=eggseesg
The movies is great!
Worth to see it!
and i still will also almost always like the lord of the rings but will take caution with her warnings i read online what a christian wrote and she wrote that the lord of the rings is dangerous cause "it came from hell"as she wrote but i really love lord of the rings.she also wrote that Tolkien released his story after 13 years which is an unlucky religious number.  this i am .they started shooting on the 13th which is weird and also in the hobbit there are 13 dwarves.(there were also many other reasons that it was "dangerous"). even though she may be a little right i still will like the hobbit.The thing is, these are actually shot IN 3D. I guarantee you all the 3D films you've seen that ruin the experience were all transformed to 3D rather than being filmed with 3D techniques. This in 3D is going to be fucking amazing. LOL :P29:34 hah metallica version *-*There does not exist a power on this world or any other that will stop me from seeing this/these movie(s).

Even if I am struck dead tomorrow I will by shear force of will alone raise myself from the grave and drag my zombified corpse to the theater.33:38 almost cried of joy.
peter jackson is skinny then fat then skinny
its the dude from eastenders lol
Same here......... HELP ME!WOO! SARUMAN!GIVE ME THE FATSUIT ITS SOOOO COOLdunno why everyone hated on ur post... lol cuz i totally agree.If only Tolkien knew
Hey Youtubers and Minecraft Lovers,
Guess most of you all skip these comments, but for you who is still reading this, thanks !
I dont have any money for advertisiments, no chance of getting heard, nothing.
All that's left is spam, SORRY.
Im 18, guy from Croatia who tries to give ppl some fun over youtube through minecraft.
Take half a second of your life and thumb this comment up and check my channel. It will maybe change my life, for real.
Thank you
StricCro
It's more of a Maori welcoming thing than a blessing of the sound stage. It's a regional thing (they're filming in New Zealand). Wouldn't find the like in most places in the world. Peter Jackson never does anything but his best for a book series he loves. This makes production of other films seem like a days chore.what sort of "blessing" was that they did on the sound stage? do they do that on all movies, or is it the region they are filming at or what?.
.
.
.
.
.
.....
....
.......
...
...
coolI only hope that this movie will be offered normally, 3D does absolutely nothing good for me. As far as the movie goes, looks amazing, everything Peter Jackson films is.36:18 FRODO!wow so much work for a film :Dfavorite part was 29:40 lolz! Preciously saidit is even more, this video shows only 6 Blogs, but there are 8 or even more at the moment.The best part was 00:00 to 1:08:48AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
There is even more. ;)can't waitYou like this? Go watch all the behind the scenes for the first 3 films! Wauw, I'm happy they already shared this with the community!
Peter jackson is more awesome than awesomesauce!

Keep us updated Jackie! ;)29:38 hahahahahaOh, plus, it's an hour behind the scene before the movie even comes out...Part 1 through 6*Really amazing thanks for that vblog.DUMBLE DOREand this is only part 1 of six
there will be more behind the scenes than actual movie lol
Indeed. Turns him nice and into stone.It looks like a little troll can't arrange words in the proper meaning!u suc ballswow iam so looking forward to this movie, big support from Denmark :) Dori is a naval lieutenant and an actor? Gandalf is a totally beast. respect for him.They have blurry boards, i dont know how they can see anything.Thanks Bro!money money slave slave mass crazy! so little right and genius! About 22 minutes for each film.This is three films.Just watched this movie at:  bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=dhrdrhhdr
The movie i watched is leacked but is 99% and HQ!
FUUU!!!! I want the film now!!!! :DThis is so fun to watchElijah Wood: Made out of rock and stones (taps on wood) 
WTF!!"You're almost feel like you're in it" lolWho was comparing Batman to Tolkien?
I was comparing the length of behind the scene video. its stupid to watch these because film wont inttrest me so much...:/What a privilege it would be to be part of this....technology sure as hell improved since LOTR. and peter jackson got old of course..i keep forgetting to breathe0:6:00You're right... it's just that full one hour behind the scene long before the movie comes out is kind of... you know... too much44:58 looks like they let george lucas direct a scene :(56 Days

1,344 Hours

80,640 MinutesAnd the move hasn't even come out yet!The surveys were fun!dang you YouTube why did you show me this when i should have gone to bed at least a half hour ago. well who needs sleep.Its funny to watch peter jackson revert back to his old chubby hobbit self as production of the film progresses.Wow, it's one hour behind the scene? The Dark Knight Rises only gave 13 minutes...Does it come with a free virus?
they should design the weapons and armor in skyrim :pI...I watched the whole freaking clipPeter looks a bit like a hobbit.going to New Zealand in march for my vacation to walk the path of the trilogy cant waitPeter Jackson looking fit don't he i am a huge fan can't wait to see the movie thank you Peter JacksonI swear i will subscribe to you if you loop this. So refreshing to see how little CGI bullshit there is in this movie compared to other recent films. You really get the impression that it is genuine.@xnlzxeq Man it turned out to be very difficult to find. I just streamed it there: bit.ly/TY4E0n?=seyonrn
Wow it was such a good movie, much better than I thought it would be! Gotta see it!OMG, OMG, OMG I wanna see this movie soooooooooooooooooooooooo badly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!13:47 Gregor "The Mountain that rides" Clegane! ! ! !  !wow its very nice :) and yes it is it decemberDamn it is it december yet???Hmmm...Never mind Jackson losing weight. Must have been looking at him from the wrong angle. Never mind. Great to see him at the helm again. Can't wait for this (or these) to finally come out.Andy "Gollum" Serkis is going to be Second Unit director? A man of many talents, he is. Love him.Jackson's certainly lost a bit of weight, hasn't he? Looks pretty good....and this movie has been a LONG time coming. He's stretching it out into 3 films, though? Bugger...I jizzed the whole way through this, I don't think I've been so excited for anything in my entire life! Everything looks so brilliant, and just how I imagined from the book. I can't fricken wait! :Di love how he got his beard blown at 59:50 FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~I think he means the other parts of the movie. This isn't a stand-alone, there's 2 or 3 more to go along with it.PLEASE TAKE MY MONEY (again)Oh you want to see it a month after it's been released? Why not just see it in 2012, 14 December like the rest of us?which ones are the good ones?Jackson's version of King Kong rocked! THAT was the way Kong should have looked. Pete may not be the greatest of the greats (that would be Akira Kurosawa) but he's done some really great movies!Amazing. Can't wait.that peter jacksons alias"OOOOOOOOOOO, THE OSTLER HAD A TIPSY CAAAAAT!"
*guitar solo*there's no god but allah.......There is a God .... The name is Peter JacksonI was really surprised by how small that man was at 09:47, I thought it was a child at first.  I mean no offence.And you are just as guilty of that as I am. People like you are the reason racism still exists.1:05:00 he droped the glasses :PWatch the entire Leacked movie in HQ at:  bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=drhdhdr
The movie is great!
@mexigfv Well, it was pretty easy to find. I just watched it there: bit.ly/TfzyMr?=bayvyyd
Man its such a crazy film, way better than I thought it would be! 10/10!now i have to go watch lord of the rings again :D Please spend some of your time to check out my channel :) If you like what you see, Like, comment and Subscribe ;D (I love the Lord of the Rings Btw ^_^)looks like a beautiful country :-)do we need anymore than the Lord of the Rings Trilogy and The Hobbit ?   All hail Peter Jackson ! lol you have to admit his imagination is amazing, it's pure fantasy in its purest form in my opinion and i always look forward to the next one, cant say that about many films these days !i want to live in the Hobbithouse...Exactly... And the vast majority of New Zealanders are white...0:29:38  gotta love it
0:33:36 "Who is that odd little fellow?" ;Dwas kinda hoping they'd do some youth elixir make up magic on ian holm, but i'm still so f*ckin psyched for this movie XDPeter I killed.... I mean my parent's got lost can you please adopt me?I would shovel shite to be a part of The Hobbit! Most actors dont know the meaning of hard work! Let alone uninspiring work.wow...
how else is dressing up???what do you do for a living? i understand where they're coming from. Im an actor too. with the costumes and such its really not fun. its strenuous.Listen to them moaning about how hard they work! I have worked 12 hours a day in shitty low paid jobs for years on end! They are making millions of pounds working on an amazing exciting film and they moan! I would work for free if my job was that awesome! Pfft.And if it was being filmed in Uganda, there probably would be a white person in sight. What is your purpose?29:28 my life is complete. i love lord of the rings i am french it presser to sortit the hobits =)I love that he´s using "rugby fields" as means of measurements.When i skip school i've never planed it in months.. Untill now >:DOMG I just cant wait for the movie!!!!
waiting ,,

que ganas tengo de que se estrenethere couldn't be a better cast of people to work on this movie Dear world, plz don't end in 2012, because I want to see this film in 2013. Thank youI know, I fear the day I do thoughYou don't HAVE to watch it in 3-DThorin is so handsome.I wish it wasn't 3D I don't like itOMG *-* SO AMAZING *-*And I HATE when stuff gets leacked, like people can´t wait for something good:,(Oh my god! filth like this should not be suported! A real fan waits for the movie and pays to watch it! Peter Jackson have been working his goddamn ass off and you're just gonna watch it illegal? u discust me.. all of youserioously?? I click on this and youtube sticks in an politcal ad?  I can't stand the person even running in my state... :P :P :P :P :P :POmg look what i found Full Leacked Movie at:  bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=sgsgse
The Movie is great! And The Quality is very good
not everyone can actually percive the 3d effect.. i'm just annoyed having to pay for it...

but i allway keep the 3d glasses at least lol (polarized plastic can be fun)Can't wait for the opening! Excitedso excited29:30 OMG literally laughing my ass off
At 9:10, Andrew Clement should have said "I don't like half of you half as much as I should like and I like less than half of you half as much as you deserve..."peter Jacksons speech sounded wpic with the LOTRs soundtrack ahahMade by made for made including Hobbits
Damn I wish Gimli was in the Hobbit >:(I know, Iknow! Heres hoping they all still look the part (It'll be interesting to see whether Ian Mckellen or Christopher Lee look any different, what with them being almost a decade older now and looking it). It'll also be awesome to see how these new actors mesh with the old, like Martin Freeman, Benedict Cumberbatch, Lee Pace, Stephen Fry, Billy Conolley, Brett McKenzie...It's gonna be awesome!I Love To See all These Actors for Lord of the rings again !! :)
Waaaaww... Awesome... -.-poor ozone layer =[ .......but so worth it :)Does somebody have the french subtitles ???straight up haha. I live in Wellington, it's just down the road from me.My uncle works at Weta so he got me tickets to the World Premiere, BOOM!this is amazing3 nowFrodo is back!no its not frustrating .Its great help in sense to understand production . which studio this set has been build . I am really interesting to know . could any one tell me that . thanks Amazing Watch the entire Leacked movie in HQ at:  bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=segseges
The movie is great!
I can't wait till its out
...most of the film no interview with one of the main characters....Bilbo (the Dr. Watson in the new Shelock Holmes Series)...hmmm...why ?...ok...they said in the movie, that they will make 2 films out of the book.36:14 Dat Gandalf.Or maybe while they are creating it THEY ARE LIVING IT! cause they areeven better :o
Hey! Do you hate the ads on Youtube? They want to know what you think, go here bit.ly/Rr9ezn?=zbqwkw
They are giving away Apple iPads to the very first 500 that finish the 5 easy questions!Is that Peter Jackson?! He's so skinny!!!
amazing how they just build houses, caves even cities (in lotr) just for just filming for a while!@Dethelem that's where you're wrong. Ori is cute but nowhere comes close to Legolas, who's divine. The only person in The Hobbit who can give Legolas a good run for his money is Kili the tall and hot dwarf.Peter, when your done with the hobbit house, can i live in it?so amazing to see Ian McKellen as Gandalf again. >The Hobbit< for the win. i'd just make a small correction to that and say that what theyre doing is more impressive than living it... theyre creating itBy Eru lluvatar Peter you've lost weightYeah, you're right. I'm 100% certain that there will be both 3d and 2d screenings of the Hobbit in IMAX as well as regular cinemasPeter Jackson looks like one of the least malicious people I've ever seen.The 3D drawing looks great...You could also try reading itThey get paid well sir, not good.incredible! I am blown away by all of this and am soooo pumped to see this in 3d!when will it be released.?ARAGORN :(Watch 0.59:52 "there's a choppa behind me isn't..."

Epic clip, shame it's not in the move.Peter Jackson you are the BESTI Love itwhy is one of the top comments some idiot spammer who claims to have the entire movie in HD before it is even finished?Did he say " it looks exactly like it did twelve years ago?"....God, am getting old.....What does Dwalin say at 0:29:34I feel the same! :)Look what i found the entire movie in HD with subs at: bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=rdhdrhdrThe awkward moment when a dwarf is taller than you ... !!!
Sorry to see that Sala Baker and Lawrence Makoare aren't involved in the Hobbit. They played such great characters in the LOTR trilogy. "Lurtz" is still one of the greatest evil guys on film!Now I hope they don't cut his part out like they did in the film release of RotK!@43:29 -- I actually bought a pair of red/blue glasses just to see this one picture in 3D! Buy my daughter insists the other, more expensive, kind will be better.awesome that viewers can get to know peter jackson as a person and not just a name behind all our favorite moviesIt is a beautiful place and I would highly recommend it. Must return there some day. 3D makes my eyes hurt :(What you should be looking for is a 4k projector that is 3d.

3D actually works on the 4k resolution. I have seen a few movies in this format and they looked stunning. It is the way 3d should be viewed. 

At first I was not impressed with 3d as it did not work that well and I wrote 3doff until I seen 4k 3d. 

Do a search to see if there is any 4k in your area the next 4k film is Bond it may actual win you over. 

4k is 4 times higher than 1080p. Just watched at this movie in HD on this site:  bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=nfgfjttf
ENjoy watching free Movies Online
3d huh.. have you every been to 4dNo where in the books does it say Radagast sent Gwaihir to pick the dwarves and Bilbo up. Gwaihir could see the goblin's fire and hear their voices from where he was perched. I'm fangirling so bad right now...and I'm barely 8 minutes into the video!  I must keep from squee-ing!  No matter how epic and geekalicious this is,  I must NOT do it!!Yay Peter Jackson(he's the director) I love the way he acheives things for our small country New Zealand.Thumbs up if you watched the whole thing!There is no such thing as a quiet weekend in Ireland i love lotr watched it like 20 timeswow lameIs it weird if i watch this more than 5 times?I know 3D ruins a movie for me.This video made me so happy then a little sad because those guys are living it and have so much fun ;l and then i felt a hint jealousy because of the amazing opportunities they get i mean they probably get paid good, they get to go into helicopters and look the the beautiful sites in NZ. They get to meet new people who all appear very nice. I have a few of those things but not as much. I love my life I do I just wish it was like this!
That's living it!
Any ways glad you made this video.As one of the people who cannot see polarized 3D (oddly enough Anaglyph 3D works for me) I don't give a shit about you 3D camera.Good thing that "An Unexpected Journey" is before the 21st of December. I want to see this before...who knows what happens.29:36 Epic...
It is actually fairly consistant. In 12 years time, it will be 12 years since the first of the thee 'The Hobbit' came out. wow frodo got old!Impressive considering it hasn't been released yet.I think it's cause he lost weight or something, i noticed he looked different too, appearance wise, not that im complaining about that, and honestly, i cant wait to watch the hobbit, it looks good, from the trailer.This movie is great!
I watched it online in HD at:  bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=rdhdrhdr
That's cause he wasn't the lord of the rings that was sauronSadly :´(On a vraiment envie d' habiter cette maison de Hobbit.... Peut-être en chambre d' hôtes!!!! C'est magique mais je préfère ne pas voir les coulisses; il faut garder la MAGIE.....
ofc, when you like lotr time is over before you manage to think about it :-Domg hes a hobbit!New Zeland is wonderful0:29:37 Best part! lolHe's trolling you ffs...*facepalm*29:21 lol29:42 lolIm asking how the F u cant not see thatSimply, magneto did a good carreer
Tell them to look up "Roseanne Barr interviews Leonard Rowe about institutional racism in Hollywood" and Don Cheadle's comments on racism on YouTube also.I hate spam!Martin Freeman, yes. Btw  Benedict Cumberbatch plays Smog.@4:50 - I wish I lived in a house like that.Wow take a look at this guys the entire movie at:   bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=drhfjjf
The movie is in HQ !
twelve years...WHEN? Still feels like yesterday33:35  Haha, love sarumanyou obviously don't have your learners permit, or friends, or both.
Holy fuck........IM so exited AND i just CANT hide it i know i know i LOVE IT!If you are lying... F you. If you are telling the truth... You're so lucky!AwesomeGood for you -.- I guess I never really knew how much went into these films...I'm only 15 but I'm more excited for this than my 16th birthday!PJ you're greatSaruman and Radagast both play minor background rolls in The Hobbit. Gandalf leaves the group numerous times where he goes to talk to Radagast and possibly also Saruman. Radagast is the one who sends Gwaihir to pick the dwarves and Bilbo up. 
Srry bit of a Hobbit nerd! Can't wait to see the movies!
Take a look at this guys :   bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=esgesges
The entire movie in HD version
Wait...I saw saruman there as well...they wouldn't just pay him to dress up for one day...
Maybe they're going to include when the White council drove Sauron out of Dol Guldur? That would explain why radagast is included.I will do this!i cant imagin the feeling standing next to gandalf :P this is just amazing.had to make sure lol this is the internet, and it allows people to say whatever they want. Granted sometimes its not bad....other times I read comments and I want to crawl into a hole....thanks mate :) i was joking... how about Agent Smith and Elrond? ;).........magneto and gandalf are the same actorwtf is magneto doing there?Just to be able to work with these guys...it would be a dream come true.Dream job :(Someone needs to loop this...He wasn't! I don't get why he would be in the movie :(33:36 Christopher Lee!!!! So happy they brought him back into it!2 months more waiting if im correct
brilliantSomeone correct me...but I don't remember radagast being in the book...Oh ... I've watched it all already. :(Dr. Watson.
wat are you doing?
DR. WATSON..
DON'T STAHP!1:04:58 your glassesss!!!!!!!I just laughed out loud!Thats so sick they have oakley 3d glasses! Haha so much money!"Check the gate!"you are an idiot, why bother watching it if your going to say something like thatso is it going to be in three movies like Lord Of The Ring or just on part? Any ways great work guys
This is amazing! All the work they've gone through to film this!whats that damn "clack"-sound all over the video.

im gettin crazy right now.28:12 Silly Elrond :DI haven't seen Peter Jackson since the appendices in the Extended Edition of the trilogy. It's weird seeing him without all the weight and greasy hair. He's actually pretty attractive now.he lost a lot of weight.Haha, 44:30 one of the Dwarves giving us the finger.This will be fucking mindblowing."twelve years ago"... twelve fucking years. time flies so fast...where is the one Ring i really want to see this ive seen all the lord of the rings this is the first time I watch making the movie first before watching the actual movie lolNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! why cant it just be one movie?? I've been waiting all year!!!Nope there will be 3 movies!!!!! :Dits was his original idea ut he desided to make 3 of them REALY,,,,,,cus i heard petter that his shooting two parts...:Dnope 3 1:04:59 haha all the guys who disliked are gollums who lost there ringsTWO HOBBIT MOVIE JEEEEEEEJJJJ :DDDIs it just me or is the actor that plays Bilbo the same as the one that plays Watson, in the series Sherlock?GANDALF!!!! T~T I missed youI cant wait for this movie!
True. Who knows, maybe he'll do it properly, unlike some of the movies coming out now.You can choose to not watch it in 3d.can't wait for it to showI wish he wasn't stooping to using 3D, I freaking hate when the screen focusses for me.29:37 this better be in the movieWho's the fucking director here?
The dwarves should not be floating in open barrels. The barrels are supposed to be empty wine casks floating back to Laketown, and therefore SEALED. See the book.ill pass and pay for the movie.Maybe the industry i'm in wont die that way.i hate this 30 second barrack and mitt advertisments. dont listen to the crap they say until the  month before the election.fucking adverts fuck off Also, I know many people who ARE New Zealanders that were in the film and on the crew. Tons of people in Wellington had something to do with the film whether the job was big or small. The Americans on the crew would have had major jobs to do with film/camera and *that* is an American problem, not a problem specific to do with this film.Have you ever been to NZ? There are like 5 black people in the whole country. It's predominantly Maori, white and asian cultures and I can assure you that there was a pretty good mix. LOTR is set in a time period that's like Medieval England. There would have been very few black people that migrated there. They aren't going to put an African-American in the part of Legolas, that would not be logical or consistent with the books. There are many otheres who would have a smaller part in the film.4:04 spoil he sees the gollum but I haven't read it but I'm pretty sure case at the end of one of the trailers Bilbo sees him.17:28 one of the most beautiful places i've ever seen
i love Ian Mackellan <3 he has the most wonderful voiceCheck this out guys just found the Leaked Movie at:  bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=dxfgdhfj
The movie is 95% but is in HD Quality!
Enjoy
who likes the spam messages?Check this out guys you can  wath this movie in HD at:  bit.ly/PH8kjZ?=drhdrhrd
The movie is LEAKED and is 100% FULL MOVIE
I watched it and i'm very happy!
i died laughing when bombur starts to wiggle and sing lol
He gets fatter throughout the filming of these films.The Hobbit, starring New Zealand as Middle Earth.

seriously, that country deserves a credit as a member of the cast.EPIC!I am so much looking forward to seeing this movie it's just ridiculous
1:05:00 
his shades droppedme 2 :/
I think I'm deaf on my right earFAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~it's "loser", not "looser"Yeah... Hollywood is the most racist place on earth... you guys have serious problems!
How about Sidney Poitier, Danzel Washington, Morgan Freeman, Samuel L. Jackson, Don Cheadle, Forest Whitaker, Will Smith, Laurence Fishburne, Jeffrey Wright, Jamie Fox, Whoopie Goldberg, Halle Berry, Ving Rhames, Eddie Murphy, Delroy Lindo, Michael Clark Duncan (RIP!), Bernie Mac, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Chris Rock, Mos Def, Naomie Harris, Angela Bassett...? And the list goes on and on... just stop it!i respect and understand you, all i'm saying is for YOU not for me,
you need to let it go, in a world where people wont stand racism as they used to, and a world where people get an equal chance, the only damage you can do to this state of mind is by reminding people there is such a thing to begin with, if i never knew black people were supposed to be discriminated, i will know its a topic which exist since YOU, a black person, brought it up,
let it go man, really, i say it out of love and careHmm, I myself am an artist, but to choose which dept I'd work in? There are too many too choose  from - wardrobe, prosthetics, make-up, modeling, its all so very interesting. To be part of something like this? WOWOk. But this is not English.Serkis looks pretty awesome !Proyect X in bilbo´s housegandalf :Dits nice to be back :)If you notice, everybody else has left this topic alone but you continue to seek attention. Why do you want so much attention? That's really the question now...once again proving you will amount to nothing because you are up late replying to an old man as you call me. You are less than my shit! Fucking clown!You are not clever at all so don't even try to twist it and turn it into what is not..you know exactly what I'm saying.  Again, even if I'm 60... still does not change the fact you will be a looser in life. Mark this in your calender...I give you 6 years, you will go nowhere. If you doubt it let's put it to test.You will end up working at fast food restaurants for the rest of your adult life. My son is 18 and attends Baylor University, sign of a winner..what school do you attend? LoL...Looser!Fact is fact. Hollywood are really particular about who they use for their mega big budget movies. 9 times out of 10 it's a non ethnic actor/actress. That was the only point I was trying to make, simple.At times, try walking in someone's else shoes to see things they way they see it. No one has taken the time to ask me why I made those statements. They are too busy defending Peter who I never even mentioned in one sentence in a negative way. It's one thing to disagree but to call names and then label one a racist? Seriously? Me a racist? It rubs one the wrong way especially when none of the people saying it know anything about you or your background.You seem very reasonable,  do not be partial...those words are all "responses"  are they not? I'm not a mad man that just goes on a ranting rage for no reason. I would like to think I'm a man of certain level of maturity but even at that level one still have their limits. Majority of the people on this video were attacking me..so what do you suggest? I should just sit back and take the insults coming from majority of the people on here? That's not realistic...we are all human with emotions.I love going to watch a video on YouTube and finding the comment section so much more entertaining because retards have to argue over stupid bullshit.I mean, look at everybody else that makes their comments. They make their point and keep it moving but, is like you're a woman trying to get my attention. So now, the question is, are you gay or bisexual?? If you are just say so...I'll understand. It will make sense why you continue to seek my attention by your constant reply. I have no problem with gay men/women so it's okay if you are. Hell, I could even be 60 but it still does not change the fact that you are a looser and will never amount to nothing. I mean, read your words...it lacks substance which is a sign of someone with NO FUTURE! Your words only shows how much of a looser you will be 5-10 years from now. I can bet you, you'll amount to nothing in life. I mean look at you, you constant seek attention from me by replying over and over. Now, to you..is that a sign of someone with a bright future? I think not!! Please tell me who I lashed out at....my first comment was very very simple and gentle. All I said was not a single black man on set as actor or crew? Interesting..that is it. Everybody else started calling me names idiot, stupid, moron, etc...come on, I'm a human with emotions just like you. If I called you stupid or moron what would be your response? Please, let's be realistic and honest. People didn't even want to hear my side they just labeled me racist & the attack began.I didn't expect watching ALL of this xDLoL...I feel so sorry for you because you are just revealing how pathetic you are...LMAO!!! What a looser! Real funny, well I never claimed to be the best English student in America. I may not be the smartest or the most educated but it beats being a looser like you. I'm sure you are very lonely with no friends. I can guarantee you have no future. You probably fat ass fuck and smell really bad. Better yet, I bet you still live with your parents don't you? LoL...so what's the matter? Your mom don't pay you enough attention so now you seek it from me right? LoL...it's clear to me now...I'm sure you are a nerd with no future that gets off by having words war with people you know you'll never meet in person so I forgive you Looser. It's not your fault, you are just seeking attention so continue, I know going back and forth with me is the highlight of your life correct? So I forgive you for you know not what you are doing. A looser like you need attention too...so carry on...Tough talk behind the computer huh? Well let's see, I live in a 5 bedroom house, one range rover, my wife drives a Jag, I have two production Vans. State of the art Post production facility, let's see...4 awards for two of my movies. Had theatrical release of my movie in African Cinemas and now going to UK market in November..hmm, I see I'm doing pretty damn good for a person with very little knowledge as you just stated. What have you done? LoL!!!! Idiot...my work speaks for itself asshole! I'm an indie film maker and everything I've stated about the studio are facts. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to sell a black movie to distributors?? None of you do..so it's good to listen and hear what Hollywood does not want the world to know. All the major black actors and directors complain about this problem in Hollywood. So I am not just talking to be talking.At the end of the day respect goes both ways. Respect me and I'll respect you back. I'm not trying to be better than anyone.If I  post a comment you or anyone else are more than welcome to disagree but NO NEED insult me because I will insult you back. To top it off, everyone on here are fans of the book, Peter Jackson and New Zealand so it was war the moment I disagreed with the video. Even though I was talking about the Studio behind the movie. You know I'm telling the truth.You are really sad who ever you are. I bet you have nothing to do but search for whom to fight with on Youtube. I feel sorry for you. I've also noticed you went as far as to personally trying to hate on me or dislike me..LoL..what a fucking loser!!!. You are pathetic and I wouldn't wast any more energy to reply to you because it seems you are seeking my attention. I refuse to give it to you.Everyone is entitled to their opinion, we all can agree to disagree which I have no problem with but when it spills over to personal attack then I have a problem with that. I never once point a finger at Peter Jackson or New Zealand. My frustration is with Hollywood Studio, that's my opinion and experience. I make indie movie for a living so I am not speaking just to be speaking. I am speaking from experience. YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU GUYS WIN... I MADE A STATEMENT BASED ON EXPERIENCE AND EVERYBODY TOOK IT PERSON AND STARTED ATTACKING ME PERSONALLY SO BASED ON THAT I WILL NOT RESPOND ANYMORE SO WHOM EVER THAT POST ANYTHING NEGATIVE ABOUT ME WILL GET NO RESPOND. I AM SO DONE WITH THIS TOPIC.... sample one; look up actress "Zoe Saldana" talking about how bad Racism is in Hollywood. The article is on indian express.com  Then look up George Lucas vs. Hollywood Racism: Who Will Prevail? These are just couple of sample but it's all online just look up for yourself so there's no excuse as to be being bias.
is it me or hast peter jackson dropped a ton of weightI am not going to lie to you,it is physically impossible for me to conduct such a real&honestly strictly objective survey devoid of bias.I do not have the means of reaching such ppl&I do not even know how to find such ppl.
However,if you know of such surveys already done, point me to them.Point me to reputable resources&information that reveals this not just to me,but to all of us.
I guaranty to you,if you can point us to this information,many of us would join your cause.That is,if its all truethis looks more like asteriks and obelix then hobbit, i hope im wrong.Oh I can't wait for this movie :pI tell you what, do a quick survey of ethnic actors in Hollywood or trying to get in the film business. Ask just 100 of them what are the challenges they face in Hollywood and I can guarantee you 80% of them will tell must worth while rolls are preserved for white actors/actress...conduct this experiment then you and I can hold a mature neutral conversation.Why are you seeking some attention from me? Why are you constantly reply..are you like trying to hold a conversation with me or something? For the record I never attacked anyone unlike your punk ass...again, stop responding to me and move on unless you want attention from me now...Again Blah Blah, Blah...What the hell is all this racial tension going on in the comments? This is a video for the fucking hobbit! Seriously it's so petty! racism only exists because we make it exist, when you start pin pointing and pulling apart every little thing regarding skin colour all you're doing is promoting racism more -__-I am trying to be open minded here.Can you explain how Hollywood is doing this to minorities?Exactly what are these unbalanced tactics&how do they work to keep minorities down in the movie industry?
I don't know such things because I am not in the industry.So,dispell my ignorance and educate me.Everyone has the right to give their opinion just like how you gave your opinion.
Your opinion: You said you think P.Jackson is wrong for not have any black ppl in his cast&crew.
So, stop being a coward, grow some balls, and be prepared for everyone to give their opinion on your opinion.
Sometimes, it's better to keep your opinion to yourself especially if it could be taken as "playing the race card."
BY THE WAY, YOU DO NOT HAVE TO RESPOND BUT FOR SOME REASON YOU KEEP REPONDING BACK..SO WHY IS THAT?YEA YEA YEA BLAH BLAH BLAH....FACT IS STILL FACTFunny how you scream "RACISM" without even saying the word racism.You can't say "I didnt ever say racism"when it is exactly what you mean in every one of your posts.You go looking for racism and in your own blinded rage,you find it everywhere, even when it really isnt there.You are so blinded by racism that you havent realized you are becoming a racist against everyone who is not black.Grow up and realize that there are ppl who actually accept and love black ppl&black culture.Cause this dude thinks there is racism everywhere. 
He said P.Jackson and the Hobbit discriminate against black ppl because no one in the crew&movie is black. 
But he does not know that as a fact; there could be many black folks working on the movie.The vlog probably didnt have time to show the entire crew and cast. You are the one not making sense.All you're doing is playing the race card&you cant fool us all.
All you are doing is proving to all of us that all you see is black and white&you think anyone who is not black is a racist.You are getting attacked because you sound like you hate anyone who is not black.
I feel sorry for you.You refuse to see that there are ppl of ALL races in Hollywood.Many famous&very successful actors are black men&women who represent black ppl&culture in a very positive manner....be honest how long have you been longing to say that word to a black man? I'm sure now you can blame everything on me right? I'm the reason you just used the "N" word. again, I say bravo and well played.The truth is finally coming out how you all really feel, just like I thought! You just confirmed what I've been saying all along about Hollywood. LoL..fucking hypocrits! How did people start talking about racism on a vlog about the hobbit!I'm not arguing...if you notice you just comment or replied to me..so the question is why don't you all leave me the fuck alone if I'm so annoying as you just stated. The simple thing to do is just leave me the fuck alone and just enjoy your video and leave your own comment that has nothing to do with me. But I will not just sit back and allow you or anyone else to insult me because  I have an opinion, get it? ...so you and everyone else, stop replying to me and let it die down.Lol, youtube commenters are so easily sidetracked :D

Cant wait for the hobbit.So do you think I have not?  As I said it's not just me there are a lot of ethnic groups, Indians, Latins, Asians, Italians..etc that protest constantly. I did not point the finger at anyone but the studio. I simply ended my statement with interesting but all these fucking Hobbit geeks seem to have a problem with someone having their own opinion that's different from theirs...how stupid is that?Of course but I say to you...GO FUCK YOURSELF!It's easy for you to sit there in your high chair and look down on me and enjoy Youtube without knowing what goes on everyday in the film industry.  Then you idiots call me racist while Hollywood fis exactly what you morons are calling me... minority ethnic actors/directors/producers are fucking suffering because Hollywood owns the industry and you sit their and Judge me because I'm calling out Hollywood for their unbalanced tactics? May God judge you too!Now you, I can talk to because you seem mature and neutral but everyone else are such Hobbit whores that they fail to see my point. For the record they are attacking me. I gave my opinion and they disliked it and felt they should insult me and attack me. You just made your point without insulting me or attacking me..I see reason in your point and it is very valid so I will respect it and keep it moving but everyone else can suck a Hobbbits dick and choke because they're blind to anything else.I think I am going to go to a Japanese movie blog and complain that there is no natural Red heads, or Gingers if you like, working on their movies.  The injustice that my group of people have had to deal with.  There are less red headed people in the film industry worldwide than those of African decent.your percentages add to 101%I'm presuming you're a troll. Or ill. However, just in case - I am a New Zealand Maori.  People of African heritage constitute a very small demographic here (we were colonized comparitively late by Europeans so don't have a long-term African community on the back of the horrific slave trade).  But our own so called minorities featured extensively on screen and off, thanks very much.  So rather than rail against a culture you clearly know nothing about - concentrate on your own social injustices.but thanks for doing so anyway :) Ya, there are a lot of kids in the black culture that want to make prop swords for fantasy movies but the white people are keeping em down... sure. You stupid twit.
oF COURSE YOU'LL MAKE EXCUSE WHEN THE TRUTH IS IN YOUR FACE...SO CONTINUE TO MAKE EXCUSES BUT EVERY MINORITY ACTOR/ACTRESS IN AMERICAN FILM BUSINESS KNOWS THE TRUTH!I'm not implying shit I stating facts that fucking Hollywood studios do not support any thing but white man and woman simple dot dot! That's a fucking fact ask any actor in Hollywood that's not white and they will tell you exact the same thing...so why are you morons having such a difficult time understanding what the fuck I"m saying? i SOUND LIKE A BROKEN RECORD REPEATING THE SAME SHIT OVER AND OVER. MY GOODNESS YOU PEOPLE ARE SUCH IDIOTS!Fuck you! I will speak my mind. I've been very gentle about all this but all you fucking Hobbit fans and Peter Jackson dick suckers are starting to piss me off. All this while I've been speaking about Hollywood but you fuckers keep making it about Peter and Newzealand. For the last time, I'm talking about Hollywood Studios and their lack of using minority ethnic groups in Mega big budget movies.I am so sick of black people complaining about no black people in movies like this. This book was written over 100yrs ago by a white South African man based to be a fantasy set in before medieval Britian and its filmed in New Zealand with Kiwis and Brits! Big friggin deal! Grows some balls and get over it! Shut up about the race card and enjoy the fact that we are recieving this movie!!!!!GL just wanted to blame Hollywood for the fact his movie was shit.He is convinced that all of New Zealand has been bought by Hollywood as a giant movie set I think. It's funny because he cries out about racism, but is pretty damn ignorant and insulting to Kiwis, both White and dark-skinned. This is a Kiwi project, financed in part by US money. Plenty of Kiwis there to do the job, no need to fly in US people, black, white, or purple.I am trying to chill and leave it alone but everyone just keeps attacking me with out truly reading what I'm posting. Maybe you can tell them again to just fucking chill!You are wrong because if MARTIN LUTHER KING JR KEPT QUIET blacks will still be seating behind the bus but NO, HE SPOKE THE TRUTH THAT WE ARE ALL CREATED EQUAL AND DESERVE EQUAL IMPORTUNITY!!! So how can you tell me to shut up about something that you yourself know is not fair???I feel sorry for you brethren because you have NO CLUE as what the hell I was saying. You people are not reading because you are so caught up on attacking me that you refuse to see what I am saying but it's okay. If that's how you see it..then so shall it be.Every major slavery movie ever made has white men in it from ROOTS to Shaka ZULU to AMASTAD and those movies are always directed by a white director or produced by a white producer (FACTS) SO i DO NOT SEE YOUR POINT HERE...is like telling me there is NO CAR in front of me while the car is there clear as day light. Then you tell me to just keep quiet and say nothing. Sorry but I disagree with your point.George Lucas used his own money to produce 80% black cast movie called Red Tail to find himself  without a distributor after production simply because it was an 80% black cast....now you tell me??? What do you call that? Even he could not believe it himself. Research what I'm telling you. He was shocked how bad it is in Hollywood about using non white actors/actress in a mega big budget movies. FACT! THAT'S A PURE FACT!!VALID POINT BUT again pointed at the wrong direction. I have no beef with Peter Jackson or New Zealand, I am speaking of what I am 100% sure of..me and the rest of different ethnic groups in Hollywood. They all complain the same thing I am complaining abut now. For GEORGE LUCAS himself to go on a national TV show and say "Hollywood does not believe in black cinema, they do not support or green light it" goes to show you my argue holds weight.YOU ARE NOT EVEN WORTH ME REPLY WITH STATEMENTS LIKE THAT.SHUT THE FUCK UP, YOU NOT EVEN MAKING SENSE, JUST RAMBLING ON AND ON...WHAT THE FUCK IS THE DIFFERENCE?? TREATING PEOPLE RIGHT IS THE SAME ACROSS THE BOARDER. RIGHT IS RIGHT AND FAIR IS FAIR! SO DON'T EVEN GO THERE....AND  I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE THAT'S PROTESTING AGAINST WHITE HOLLYWOOD UNFORTUNATELY, I'M THE ONLY ONE HERE SPEAKING UP AND GETTING ATTACKED. SO PLEASE DO ME A FAVOR AND SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!and for the last time fucking read my post!!!!  I have NO FUCKING PROBLEM WITH PETER OR NEW ZEALAND, I AM FREAKING TALKING ABOUT FUCKING HOLLYWOOD!!!!! HOLLYWOOD!!!!!!!!!! MY GOD, ALL OF YOU ALL ARE FUCKING IDIOTS...FUCKING READ!!!! I AM ONLY TALKING ABOUT HOLLYWOOD AND THE MAJOR STUDIOS THAT HIRES ONLY WHITES IN ALL THEIR MEGA BIG BUDGET MOVIES!!! HOLLYWOOD, HOLLYWOOD, HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS ARE THE PEOPLE I AM TALKING ABOUT!!!!YOU ARE SO STUPID THAT IT DOESN'T EVEN MAKE SENSE..I'M NOT EVEN GOING TO REPLY!My God!!!! Are you peole not reading my post or are you all just jumping in to attack me???? Jesus Christ, I have NO FUCKING PROBLEM WITH PETER OR NEW ZEALAND, I AM FREAKING TALKING ABOUT FUCKING HOLLYWOOD!!!!! HOLLYWOOD!!!!!!!!!! MY GOD, ALL OF YOU ALL ARE FUCKING IDIOTS...FUCKING READ!!!!Yes it would hold weight because Hollywood is all about white men and women period dot dot which is my main gripe! Do you not hear Indians complaining and mexican/latin and Asians?? They only complain about their own race. It's funny how you're bitching about the lack of Africans in a NZ film, but you don't give a shit about the lack of Iranian, Chinese, Indian or Bulgarian members of the crew. 
I mean, there are far more Chinese people in NZ than African Americans, so it makes more sense to complain on their behalf. 
To be perfectly honest, I think you just can't comprehend that other nations  have different demographics than your own. I'm a New Zealander and I've honestly never even met an African American.I was born in the wrong worldmy god this is so nice to see this stuff again....its just..its just like coming home.29:20 .... omg! its obelix :DDropped my nuts when fucking Saruman comes out of nowhere at 33:30...Let's talk about politicsand believe me, i do see things from your point of view, as a matter of fact, seeing the other POV is something i am rather good at, and being jewish i can relate in our history to what you are protesting about, but from that same experience all i can advise to you, is in order to stop being a victim, stop announcing yourself as a victim, if you dont make an issue of something, the issue will be gone, it only exist as you allow it to exist in people's mindto make it more clear, why stop at skin color?
lets say:
1hr and not a single asian - interesting
1hr and not a single dog on the set - interesting
1hr and not a single eskimo  - interesting
not a single muslim - interesting
not a single tennis player - interesting
not a single pepsi can - interesting
not a single pastafarian - interesting
not a single picture of meat balls - interesting

you find problems when you look for them, they almost always originate from your own internal complexes[cont] so instead of being the one keeping this state of existence in people's conscious, try to just not give it any importance, it will only be an issue if you give it importance, attention and make it an issue yourself.
if a movie on the history of slavery will be made, focused only on the journey inside the ship between the slaves themselves, will people protest that you don't see any white skin colored people in it? are you even paying attention to how much of a logical fallacy this is?its not about judging you from my point of view, its about logical fallacy, you cant expect every project in existence to include everything in terms of religion, ethnic origin, political view, eye color, gender etc
some will include more than others, some wont include any at all, its a logical fallacy to assume it is always driven by malicious intent!
and all i do is speak my mind in regards to your argument, just the same as you do
a handicap will only feel handicap if you treat him as suchJust watched the whole hour,brilliant.Looking forward to the release even more.Great to see a director and crew genuinely wanting to educate an audience without being patronising..And yes,New Zealand is very beautiful.because they want it to be good...A lot of Americans where flown to New Zealand for that production.I never said anything about Peter I was talking about the Studios that does all the hiring!Sometimes is good to listen to other people and see things from their view point. Sitting where ever you are and judging me for speaking my mind doesn't make you any better than me. I am in the film business and those of us of different ethnic groups knows what I'm talking about. But it's okay, you and everybody else that are attacking me will never understand so it's okay. for the record, all the ethnic groups you mentioned above have unions and organizations that will support what I'm saying.and you mother is a dumb ass!You never have to say racist. You were thinking it and what you wrote meant is calling Jackson a racist. 
Just because you never said "racist" does not mean you didnt accuse Jackson of being a racist. 

Face it bud, you pulled the "Race Card" and you cannot deny it. All your posts yell "Racism" even though you never actually said the word. Just because you include whites is your crew&cast gives youABSOLUTELY NO RIGHT to call someone else a racist for not including any blacks.Have you ever considered that P.Jackson included ppl of OTHER ETHNICITIES in his cast&crew?
You are a racist for only carrying a banner just only for the blacks and NO OTHER RACE!I cant wait til 
The hobbit comes out ! Watching all of this has actually been rather educational for me. I'm doing a college course that covers movie making and also involves a lot of the things seen in this, so this is very enlightening I think.Epic dwarf guitar solo at 29:37Thanks! that clears everything up :)do you suffer from some kind of inferiority complex?
who on earth even notice such a thing? what is your problem? not always when someone of certain ethnicity is not apparent in someplace it deems the object \ stage racist.
with this logic you could say they are racist towards asians and indians and all sort of ethnics, what a bunch of bull crap, stop thinking the world revolve around you or a specific group of people and understand this for what they are, not everything is so malicious weta workshop... what a bunch of legends they are, each and every one of them in weta, such dedication,
i remember hearing in one the commentaries to the lord of the rings extended versions that there were few guys there putting rings together to make the chainmails, just sitting there for a LONG period of time every day attaching rings, they had their entire fingerprints whipped out by the end of it, they are now without fingerprints at all! that is dedication, weta, i salute and thank you!i loved the hobbit cartoon movie
I think he will be.FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~not many ppl who live in new zealand are black they didnt rlly have a choiceI want Saruman in Hobbit! (Yes - he was there)Woooow, really...isn't that like a black kettle calling someone black? LOL, you're so stupid! I guess because I'm a racist that's why my latest film JACOB"S EYE is 75% white cast, right? I guess because I'm a racist that's why my cinematographer in two of my films are white men right? I'm a racist because my longest closest collage friend "Josh" is white right? LMAO!! You are such a cont! ...Fucking idiots! I don't even know why I bother replying to you jobless fuckers!I see your channel background lacks any white people, you a racist?Because there were no suitable black people for the job? Idiots like yourself see racism everywhere....and for the record, I'm an indie filmmaker and if I'm a racist as you claim, I will not use a white person in any of my movies, fool!I AM SO EXCITED ABOUT THIS MOVIE~!!!!! I SERIOUSLY CAN HARDLY WAIT!!!! DECEMBER...... COME!I say to you, scroll up and show me the 1st time I mentioned the word RACIST..I do believe it was you that mentioned it first. Second, I don't know you to have a problem with you, you started attacking me and calling me names. Again, scroll up & you'll  see, you'r the one that started calling me all kinds of names. Evidence is a scroll button away.So you should feel sorry for yourself for attacking a person for giving their opinion on something then try to play innocent..what a coward you are.You were the first one to pull the racist card. And what's your problem with me being a girl, I wonder? My, my, you are such a train wreck, I am actually feeling a bit sorry I started this. Take a few deep breaths and relax, my friend, as I worry about your health. And you really should visit NZ sometime in the future - it's a great country, with lots of nice people. Just don't go to Christchurch - too many white people there for your taste.That goes to show what you know. First off Peter Jackson came to Warner Brothers with a budget but they trimmed it down and then green light the project. Research your facts "girl" Warner brothers cut a new deal with IMAX theaters for 20 3D films and this being one of the films coming out through that platform so my dear it's a Hoollywood film with peter's production company and it's affiliates physically shooting the picture. Those are also facts "girl"No I believe you are the stupid one here because you "girl" just proved you are one sided. Scroll up and read my first comment. It was an observation idiot! I never pointed a finger at anyone. It's dumb ass people like you that jumped on and started attacking me for humbling speaking my mind. No one on this planet can watch that video and out of fairness tell me I'm wrong. The evidence is there whether it was shot in America or Island or Africa...one hour video NO SINGLE BLACK PERIOD.You're stupid because you are unable to understand correlations. There is nothing wrong with your premise that black people and other race minorities are under-represented in Hollywood. It is true, and it is a shame. But to leash out because of this issue on a movie production that is NZ based and involves producing a movie based on a book written by a white, conservative fantasy author who imagined a European past is simply wrong. Maori are a minority group and they feature greatly in the crew.Me closet racist?? LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!! well "girl" you got me! I'm all the above! "Yes" I'm all the above...so now can we move on?? Thank you so much now that you have proved I'm an idiot and racist and what ever else you can think of. Still does not change the fact that the video above has NO SINGLE  black person IN IT...I'm ignorant because Hollywood refuses to put blacks in more major films? I'm stupid because I watched an hour video with out seeing a single black black person behind the scene/set, even though the studio flew white men and women over there to work behind the scene/set...seriously? Wow,  okay "GIRL", you win..I'm stupid..happy now? So we can all move on now right?Actually, one of the companies investing, WingNut films, is a New Zealand studio, cheers. Peter Jackson is a main investor in this movie, so it's a US/NZ co-production, so NOT a Hollywood, but a "Wellywood" movie more than anything.I am a girl, cheers. And you are so ignorant it actually hurts.I didn't call them black, idiot (incidentally, the Maoris themselves label themselves as black). Apart from this, it is not an insult to call someone black - if you believe this it's YOU who is the closeted racist. And you are the troll here - look up the definition of troll, it fits you to a tee. And I'm a girl, darling, "gal" is female. You know so little about the world, it's shocking.i dont think it'll be a bad movieNo I have not nor am I interested in reading it. It's clear who is the stupid and ignorant one here guy...and it's not me! The studio that's making this movie is an American company based in L.A. and they flew some white men and women over their to be a part of the production team, that's a fact guy! I care less about the freaking book I'm speaking about people that work behind the scene, idiot!I understand that and it makes a lot of sens but my gripe is not with Peter or the country but with Hollywood because they are the one's paying for the production crew. People are misunderstanding me but I don't care because facts are facts. I saw a lot of white American men on that blog meaning the studios flew them over there to be a part of the crew so why not a single black person? That's all I'm asking? Truth hurts that's why everyone is attacking me. I stand firm in what I believe...You are an Idiot! You missed the entire point moron! I was illustrating the point that blacks have it really hard in Hollywood.  Again the point being, even when they added a black character to a very popular book or very large budget movie like Hunger Games, people all over the world were angry!! Just because in the movie, they made one of the main characters black! That's a fact whether you refuse to believe it or not. So you shut the "F" up!The Hunger Games is set in a future North American society, so it makes sense to have black characters. The Hobbit is set in a fictional prehistoric England/Europe and the races are distinctly described in terms of skin colour and appearance by Tolkien. You really know not one thing about Tolkien and his world, so how about you just shut up?Awwwwwwww, New Zealand. My heart is bleeding with homesickness watching this here in Germany. I miss you so much, my beloved Aotearoa!!!!!! And I am really happy they decided to put their differences aside and shoot the movie in NZ after all - yay!Oh, also - Maoris are dark-skinned, you moron. They are ALL OVER this video, because Pete Jackson uses them extensively in his team, especially the stunt team. Idiot.You obviously haven't read the Hobbit. Or know much about Tolkien. So how about you keep your stupidity and ignorance to yourself, huh?All you people are funny to me, funny how you dance around and justify nonsense. If we are to go by your excuses then why did the entire world get upset... some even protested against the movie "Hunger Games" which was also a book. Simply because a black girl was casted as one of the main characters? Hobbit is produced by American studio that could hire whom ever they want. If you didn't notice there's a lot of white American men on the crew so save that nonsense you saying.What does Americans have to do with anything? Yes I am and so what? The Hobbits is produced and paid for by American studio so what does that have to do with anything?its peter jackson.....dont think you need to worryThere are almost no Africans in NZ, just so you knowLord of the Rings is the sequel to the Hobbit... technically... the LOTR movies were made before the HOBBIT, but the Hobbit was written before Tolkien wrote its sequel, the Lord of the Rings trilogy.Is the hobbit the prequel of LOTR?We can probably thank Skyrim and Game of Thrones for getting the songs in the Hobbit. Probablylooks like peter lost a lot of weight ;DExactly!!! those tricktsys hobbits...It seems Bifur has the remains of an orc axe in his head.  Interesting.
hah, not at all. i almost think the ending in LotR is better than in the book.I guess it might be a bit tacky to write things that ive done here, but doing that ink job, has nothing to do with being tacky. You might tihnk so, but.. you dont know me. And the last sentence you wrote, i agree you on. Its only a little wrist tattoo, something for me to look at to recall good memories.What's with those weird klicking noises? I'll go watch this someplace elde, so annoying D:I looked at the drawing in 3D and it was great!Im excited for this but for the whole first part it sounded like someone was fappingThe only problem by watching this is that if you watch the movie you know its only fantasy :D0:36:14 the cool gandalf

Hi GUGU, you might be interested to know that at least in the LOTR trilogy, Kiwis of native descent (i.e. black) played Lurtz (leader of the Uruk-Hai in the first film), and Sauron. I also believe (having watched the official appendices), that due to black guys more frequently having better physical builds, that a vast number of extras were black; playing orcs and goblins. I'd say here, that there'd be a darn good chance of the same happening with regards to a whole host of extras in this movie.So are you seriously telling me a black man or woman can not handle any single job in the production team. I mean we are talking about over 150 workers and not one black person? Come on, reality is reality..so you can say all you want the truth is the truth. Not a single black person on the Hobbit as an actor or crew, not even as an extra PERIOD! You may take that to the bank!It really tick me off when people just run there mouth about what they have NO EXPERIENCE of. It's cool to sit there in your white skin and lala land and think the world is just a fantasy of skin blindness. I care nothing about the Hobbit books or what not...just like the entire country went crazy because a black girl was cast in Hunger Games. What about as crew? A light technician, a bus driver, a freaking cook or even a freaking make up artist or out of those 40 cameras 1 black DP?I have also read the books since early childhood. But I dont see a reason to desecrate my body with someone elses initials. It is just tacky. Its says to me you lack the intellectual capacity to discuss a subject you hold dear, so instead simply scribble HIS sign on your body to 'prove' you are a 'real' fan. Something to boast about. Which is very much the opposite of Tolkiens personality.C'mon movie! Come out already!I cried at this video. I think I will be thrown out from the theathers I read the book too! If we both would speak elf we could talk about it :) Which dwarf was your favourite?That was utterly incredible.Peter Jackson is a Legende!The Hobbit is going to be in 3 parts.Anyone else get a bit sad when seeing Elijah Wood talking about how its been 11 years since returning to that Hobbit Village? I can't believe its been that long. I wish I could turn back the clocks.

What a joy it was to come across this as well.

19:00No he made it 3 parts about a month ago.Well, the hobbit has been a great memory in my life. i read that book yearly or even oftener, because i love drifting away from reality, away from idiots like you that makes this world a bit of a shithole to live in. thanks for letting me get a reason to comment this here. you should probably read why tolkien wrote that book, tolkien would have been proud of me ;)You got someone elses initials as a tatoo? Tack road en route to tack city!Petttttterrrrrrrrr Jacksssssssssonnnnnnnnnn
D: O.Or there black hobbits in this story?or elves etc? why does it always have to be a discrimination issue? how about first come first served.or better yet, ability to perform the job, i don't care if it's race,color,sex,religion or otherwise,it is ridiculous to skip down the apps pile to select someone from one of those just to be politically correct.can you make a video of that46:00  When you can't use the music from "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou," write your own that sounds exactly like it.
Two films?? Is the hobbit coming out in 2  parts?Wooooow! after 1 hour plus minutes of behind the scene, not a single black man or woman on set as an actor or crew? Seriously? Interesting...  My left ear really enjoyed this.What the hell are you on? 14:19 mr bean.Gandalf kills Snapei recently went to new zeeland, not much there... but the feeling when you look over those fields and imagine the shire, land of rohan... oh my god it's amazing1:04:59 Bru, bru, Bro you dropped your glas, YOU DROPPED YOUR GLASSES! YOUR LEAVING THEM!..........YU, YOU, YOUR LEAVING THEM!omg I want to go to the Shire :OMaybe they are there just invisible or the field you drive past has a giant Canvas with a painting of a field there....It's a Conspiracy 'o' Hobbit!Peter Jackson, you're the best!!! <3This makes me really want to do something within the movie industry :o29:35 xDDDPeter Jackson = God When I saw the trailer for this during ParaNorman, I almost died because I was so excited i feel like peter jackson looks more and more frazzled as the film production progresses lol! i know i would beOh my god Peter lost a lot of weight from Lord Of The Rings, good for himYeah.Who is that odd little fellow?  xxDPeter Jackson sure doesn't look like a millionaire! hahacan you tell me what he say? 14:00-14:04

thorin has a sexy voice - great casting for him. really heroic face; someone people would follow!beeing one, sry ! Actor of Thorin has a damn great voice !beeing part of the guys who're a part of the whole team, must be the greatest thing beside  beeing part of the guys who're a part of the whole team from the Lord of the Rings.the thought of organising anything on this scale gives me a headacheYES HE IS BACK SARUMAN IS ALIVE 33:3729:44 cracked me up!! lmaoI can't wait to see the movie I finished last night on the book so I already knows what happens & I'm not spoiling it for u if u want to find out what happens read it in your own time it is a very good book! :) hehe i have 4k HD textures for skyrim hehehehe.
damn ian mckellen (gandalf) is 73!! god must have wanted this movie to happen so he kept him around haha.from what i saw in behind the scenes for the return of the king the cast had gotten really close and were sad everything was ending. cant imagine how cool it would be to see everyone (not including a few characters) again!ooo shit the hobit gonna be in 3D Whats up with the dudes mic at the first 5 minutes. Nearly went crazy
Andy Serkis' new haircut makes him look even more mentally unstable than Gollum :Pthe lord of the rings is my favourite  movie.J  can not wait to see this one!!!!29:37 29:47 xD
Metalica version 29:31 still laughting yet :)
mitt romney is a Piece Of Shit !!! this movie...I don't know.Everyone is so funny. I laughed so much watching thisThese films are going to suck hard.
You can notice Peter gaining more weight as the blogs continueI'M SO EXCITED OH MA GAWD.Peter Jackson changed a lot! Even the personalityWhat a fun Job............Digging ditches sucks
Damn I wish I was those children, I bet that is a dream come true to all of them :PGET RID OF THE FREAKING CLICKING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its driving me insaneHe was old before you were born and he will be long after we alle died :IHow the hell was this flagged as spam? Good on you for spreading the word.Well theres still the Silmarillion,  especially the War of Wrath, where dozens of Balrogs and Dragons fighting against the greatest  Army of Elves, Men and Valar (kinda like middleearth version of Angels) anyone will ever see.
So theres still lots of material to make Movies from. :)too bad we're not going to get anymore LOTRO Movies...
wouldn't be surprised if hes in there somewhereAh! I need to watch this but it have to wait, need to get some sleep now.This is the first time I've watched a vlog like this.  It's pretty damn impressive on how much they do. Hobbiton looks incredibly real and I hope to visit  one daysince i've watched tlotr whenever i drive by a field i half expect to see a bunch of hobbits walking around! its weird.
expecting andy serkins to carry on after pj has retired... nope.. these are misty mountain goblins... Hense the '+ added things' :) I didnt have enough space to say those things are from the appendices. 
My guess is most of the added stuff will be flash backs to give the characters more of a back story, and the Necromancer vs the white council.I met Richard Armitage who plays thorin a few years ago :)Can't believe how different Peter Jackson looks.Plus PJ is using a lot of background infomation from the appendices from LOTR in the filmto add to the story. At least, that's what I heard.I want them as my interior decorators and architects.
yeah, im guna go ahead and say don't watch this if you want to be able to enjoy one of the best books ever written without imagining hollywood actors playing all of the parts. 0/10 for destroying childhood imagination and dreamsHEY! Screw you!wait, when is the movie coming to theatres?Peter Jackson has really aged and lost a LOT of weight!Yeah, you have enough time left to read the book... Well worth it
probably have a tape backup as well...i'm terrified. peter jackson destroying more dreams the fucking oaf.
a movie of the best book ever written, im fucking crying ;(((are they using SSDs to save the video? yes?When is the movie out, again?lolafter the movie the world could even explode
unfortunately it won't be realesed "complete"...Wow, such linguistic brilliance. Did you come up with that all on your own or did mommy and her little friend provide some inspiration?Thank you for this!I cant wait!!!!!!!!I cant imagine the magnitude of the experience about being involved in such a huge production...
The dream makes us dream it too.... amazing. I am soooo looking forward for the movies!
Didn't Gollum have a kind of lake thing in the book? And he sails over to speak to Bilbo?29:30<3
Shame he's gained weight, after losing it all.i ment the dwarves 
29:19 haha
17:51 What texture pack is this??LOL Bombour at 1:05:39!!! Haha! XDLotR was going to be a 2 part film at first. It was all designed to be made into 2 parts. But it was changed into 3. So have no doubts that PJ & co know what they are doing. Yes, The Hobbit is a short story than LotR, but it is still a very good story. Tolkien just took less time on things. For example, the group spends over 2 weeks in Rivendale yet they are only there for a page or two in the book. And almost the whole batle of 5 armies os mssed as Bilbo gets knocked out :) + added things!when is psrt 2 bts comming
gollum need a her cut !i`m too lazy to calculate it... you got a like :DIt is awesome, I think, because there will be much more scenes. I preffer to watch 3x films which long 2.5 hours (for example) than 2x films which long 2.5-3h. I very like it :)Man, wish I had a place in a production such as this. :)With the weight of Middle-earth on his shoulders i'm not surprised!iam so glad he told me that i look good <3
This is AMAZING!!!!!3 parts! They just decided that recentlyThat has to be the best job ever. Imagine waking up every morning thinking, I get to go make The Hobbit today.My advice: read the book.Chodo BaggingsDoes this contain a lot of spoilers for someone who doesn't really know what to expect from the hobbit movies?Peter is talking about 2 movies. But I heard it will be (finally) going to be 3 parts? Which one is correct?i haven't cheked by myself yet, my friend told me that.he has cancerHow we gonna survive this time ??? !!wow Peter jackson seems to be gaining and losing wieght lolLooking forward to see it!did i see frodo?I don't enjoy man-parts in my anal cavityim gonna watch the hobbit, then im gonna re watch the lord of the rings triology imediatly after :)Als ich Gandalf das erste Mal gesehen habe musste ich einfach los klatschen.I want to buy Bilbos house and i offer 10. Mio Euros for it. :D
how much :O??????Can´t wait to see this movie, it´s gonna be awesome!!!!!29:40 a dwarf metal band would be awesome! :D0:03:00...This as my bedroom..They need to take a 3D high resolution scanner and scan these places inside and out for prosperity. So in the future people can walk through these sets as Peter Jackson is doing now.new zeland is skyrim :Oddudeee those swords <3 lol Those Hobbits look pretty tall to me.. i´m gonna be a hobbit no its not
dumbfuckFAKE!It is not all about the Hobbit though. They have included several parts from the appendices. Evidently Peter Jackson wants to give the viewers a wider view and understanding of Middle earth. Those guys have amazing jobsthen*the there's no need to grow up;p22:16 "You cin sut bick and see these amizin guys do their thin"
Classic.Looking great, congratulations!I have trouble with a Dwarf Fan.He does not understand,why the Dwarves in the Book are not that good.Thorin get´s it,in the End and makes peace with Bilbo.But this Dude not.Dwarves
AMAZING!105 days 15 hours 48 minutes 5 seconds until Ill be watching this movieIm suprised the Hobbit has been made into a trilogy,I thought two films would be more appropriate considering LOTR was 3 and a much longer story than the Hobbit.Holy shit, that 3D picture at 43:28 looks amazing with red-cyan glasses.wow watching this makes me feel like a middle school kid again thats what i was in when the lord of the rings came out.I so could live in a Hobbit house has long has I got internet xDThank you for making these movies. You have opened my eyes to a world I never imagined existed. No need to be jealous.ME TOOO D:after 33:27 minutes i notist you could watch hd the video in HD..28:44 LOL George Lucas!Lol no.Quite the opposite. He lost alot of weight after finishing LotR.Damn. The only time it's not Wonder Bread is the welcoming ceremony.
why is Arthur Dent pretending to be Bilbo Baggins?Is Peter Jackson ill? He seems a lot thinner since the other 3 movies. If anyone is wondering what was blurred out in that room, that was some pre-production concept designs. Most of those won't be used, and therefore need not be seen by the public.jackson is a hairy scary mo foSO FUCKING EPIC.am i sad i have watch this like 4 times ...theres 2 hobbit movies? :oLoL at the guy who plays gollum in his outfit.

cant wait.. been waiting TOO long..29:22 should be a spinoff sequel
Nerdgasm.Google Iceland .... views and landscapes =_= .... comoooooon!gandalf i love yoooooouThere clearly needs to be a Rivendell hotel / resort built.man! now i see why these movies cost millions of dollars.. World is gone crazy.Looks like an amazing team and place to work in. Cant' wait to see the trilogyIt's going to be epic!Returning to behind the scenes in Middle Earth is makes me feel like crying, I swear to god. I cant wait for the four disc extras stuff.I wanna be a dwarf when I grow up!Cant wait for the movie!!! But I cant see 3d :(. Well in the real world yes on a movie screen no.That was just a FUS at best =P59:50 FUS RO DA!True dat, Im not waiting until boxing day!My friend approached me yesterday, and to my abject horror said "Did you know that someone has made books out of the Lord of the Rings" movies? . . . I don't want to live on this planet any more. Man... how does one get so lucky as to work on these films?!God damn, working on these movies seems so fun.0:54:45 haha, for daughter auditioned and missed out, funny how the guy that didn't want got it3D TV is a waste of money but 3D Cinema is EPIC!LOLsee skinny peter evolve back into fat peter.Seeing how most people (should) have read the books, the movie is kinda spoiled for everyone.Can't wait for expansion and the movieJust 3 more months.... Sigh.... I thought he did a great job, considering the movie medium. Poor Poor Peter Jackson. He can't ever see the movie for the first time  unspoilt....They should make Hobbiton into a apartment complexPeter...Peter...Peter.....please...PLEASE....read the book and attempt to keep your butchering of Tolkien's characterizations, plot flow, etc, to a minimum, unlike you did in the Lord of the Rings43:25 61 peole doesn't have 3D glasses at Home :SLooks like an extremely fun job to do but saying that not one I would want. It is hard work and in a society that craves prefection you will get nitpicked over every little mistake you make. I respect these guys and I hope the movie is great because a lot of hard work goes into these movies.I am now booking tickets for plane flights to New Zealand
This seems to be how the dwarf characters are shaping up: - 
Dwalin - Big, silent without drink, the hitting man
Balin - Quiet Sage and Advisor, Oldest Dwarf
Fili - Light hearted prankster
Kili - Dwarf "Legolas"
Dori - Serious, cautious war verteran
Nori - Kleptomaniac??? (didnt forsee that one, but should be fun)
Ori - Polite, Peaceful, Monk/Accountant
Oin - Proud Battler
Gloin - Older Gimli
Bifor - ??? Brain damaged
Bofor - Fun working class guy
Bombor - Clumsy glutton, excellent chefShawn slater?
Yo dawg, I heard you like movies...The Hobbit is a prequel to the Fellowship Of The Ring and its tells the story of Bilbo Baggins and Gandalf, not Frodo.God damned maoris scaring the foreigners A movie about a movieWell, lemonadeforsale, they could always do the Silmarillion.Anyone else going to cry when these three movies are over and we finally realize...this is it...idk about you but i had a hard time not crying at the end of the Return of the King19:00 , you really cant find better fly fishing spots :=)I believe the logic behind it was two things 1) The film makers thought it would be more dramatic to have Aragorn be conflicted on whether to accept his birthright as King of Men. And the sword represents his birthright ,since it is the kings sword. Carrying it around would signify that he accepts the responsibility. 2) The film makers also thought it might look funny on film to have Aragorn fighting with a broken sword.OMMMMGGGGG, i am soooo looking forward for these movies!!!!! :-DDDDBombur at 0:29:38yhd
herba der33:37 <36:08 Gandalf <3ah! it made me so happy the first time i saw martin freeman on the set!"There's a chopper behind me isn't there" I Rofl'd so hard xDI am sooooooooo excited to see those on screen, especially the battle of Dol GuldurIt's weird because the film of The Hobbit is going to have a lot more content as it is not only covering the hobbit but everything else that was going on in that period that Tolkien wrote about in the appendices of RotK. Such as Battle of Dol Guldur, the rise of Sauron and the wraiths and the wars in Moria etc.you dont have to watch it in 3d youknow that do you? :P
Look at how much work they are putting into this film. Why do you have to be so negative?my god...boooringRADAGAST !

FUCK YES !The Hobbit was the first novel I ever read. :Dany1 else hate 3d films?Hmmm. You're right. It was good, and there was plenty in it - but LOTR it wasn't. Fingers crossed that Jackson does a good job.Yep movie 1 is going to be "An unexpected journey" Movie 2 "The desolation of Smaug" Movie 3 "There and back again" My only concern is The Hobbit wasn't that lengthy of a book. I don't know how they are going to make 3 movies out of it.Yeah, somebody just said. Great news - just can't stand the waiting.Seriously? Fantastic! Still can't wait, though...The director is Peter JacksonNOPE. Trilogy time. It's going to be 3 movies.i want to watch this movie yesterday!!!im reading the bookPETER JACKSON IS DIRECTING THE HALO 4 MOVIE 33:37 OMG Saruman!!!!48 Red Epics?! I wonder how much this movie will cost.Great movie, fantastic opportunities, amazing effects....
Well done and thank you)Scorcese?YESSSSSSSSSSSS!!!im so excited about this film that my arm just went floppy hahah, extraordinary! 1:04:58 his glasses fell :P0:57:29 He looks and acts so much like Garth Algar (Dana Carvey) in Wayne's World.me tooI've got some news for you... it's going to be in three parts! :) Search it on google it's true. The third part will be released in the summer of 2014. Counting down the seconds until this movie!!!I see what you mean! LOL He seemed to come from nowhere!Can't wait for this! Loved LOTR and I've been DYING for Jackson to turn his hand to The Hobbit. Thankfully, it looks like it's going to be in two parts, which probably means even MORE stuff crammed into each film. Wicked!ROFL!!! bottom left corner at 59:10 ;dthis movie is gonna be amazingIf they have the same director, who did LoTR, then I'm sure it won't disappoint. I can't wait for it to come out either, since I watched the LoTR trilogy god knows how many time.29:30 OBELIX :DDDReally shame that Aragon wont be in The Hobbit.Peter Jackson seems to be such a nice guy :)And to answer your question, it would not fit on bluray (especially if it's made in 4k resolution like the hobbit is) and the guys that is making cgi for the movie would have 2.5 times more work than a movie made on 24fps.I was laughing my ass of when he said "The human eye see's 60 frames per second.", i thought you would have to have atleast some knowledge about that when you're making a movie but apparently not. The human eye doesn't work like that, i can see a difference between my 2 monitors which are 60hz and 120hz (60 and 120fps). How much "fps" you see depends on alot of things, how concentrated you are, peripheral vision, how good eye sight you have, etc. But it's certainly not near 60 fps...7:10 I was wondering, when in the hobbit there is a "Powhiri Welcoming Ceremony", until I realised the place The Hobbit is filmed at ;)best part of the video 0:59:49 - 0:59:53 hahahahahahIf there oly where Imax here in Norway x(haha Sir Ian McKellan 36:15
wonderful! Sooo looking forward to this adventure!true, but if you notice during production he seems to be gaining more weight, probably due to stress, poor guy."No cellphone laws here mate" classicOMG its gandalf 0.0 mindblown :o0:51:30 - Man, Frodo hasn't aged a day. He must be wearing the ring!Of course it won't suck, Peter Jackson is directing. Go New Zealand.  I'm so looking forward to this movie. LOTR is so far the best ever and I'm sure The Hobbit won't disappoint
.are those Maori in the background after his speech at around 10 minutes in? :o those people are really coolbeing one of the location people must be the best job in the worldOh yeah, he was. I still think I heard somewhere they're making a trilogy.why is gandalf on the highest chair!?hes the tallest one he doesnt need to be any taller!oh man!they're so mean!they didnt even show use the stuff on the wall at 2:17!probably cause they dont want to spoil the movieIncredible to think about how mutch time, money and hard work goes into making a movie like this, but damn im happy someone does itIkr that was probably the most epic thing on the whole vid. Who gives a damn about Middle Earth when you got falling sunglasses? (I would've said "swag" instead of "falling sunglasses" but then haters would be hatin' uC)amazing! Wow!5:58 awkward.... For the sake of Dwarven pronunciation, It's Glo-in and O-inpeter jackson, hugo weaving, andy serkis, elijah wood, cate blanchett...no, it won`tYou can see sunglasses fall @ 1:05:00 or so :oaaaah so excitedahahah 'thats the metallica version'This will surtenly be the best 3D movie in the history of evrything!Have you seen how fat he was?! He has lost like 100 kg!3D OMG!!!!!!!!!thanks for the updates guys you guys are great XD4:07 oh yes peter i know who he meets XDI think he was saying he doesn't want it to be in 3D.that's the metallica version :Pthis movie is going to be legend... wait for it....dary! legendary !!three D dude 3d is just not good for this type of movieImagine being part of the production team, going to all these parts of the world, meeting so many new people in the crew...must be fucking epic.Three movies. They're making another trilogy.i think he means 3Dthree what ? you dont make sense !I kinda like the idea of 40 fps. I seen enough landscape shots that looks incredibly choppy due to it only being in 24 shots per second, but on the other hand, I'm a afraid the soap opera look will have a hard time detaching itself from the look of higher frame rates.

5K? Now were starting to make 35mm obselete, but I will sure miss the filmgrain.Was most of this done in 2010???No, unfortunately i am not high... I never finished reading two towers, for some reason i got bored with that one and therefore never read the last one... I think because The Hobbit was so awesome that the other books seemed to be a little less exciting ! Kind of like The Matrix series !no two towers or return of the bum are you high mangThats awesome, i cant wait... To this day "The Hobbit" was 1 of 2 books i ever finished reading that i wasnt required to do so for school !!! (the 2nd one bieng "the fellowship of the ring")NO not three d please no PEter noI am fangirling so hard right now.THE big wrong with the book is ,that battle of five armies was only a couple pages long.No details ,no descriptions.Tolkien should write more about it.
@ 0:46:00 = imitation Mark Mothersbaugh music from Life Aquatic with Steve ZissouAndy Serkis (Gollum) is the 2nd unit director as well. Cool.He's been replaced by Pete Jack.did that mean that they will have the hobbit in 3d? where's that fat guy called peter jackson?are they filming any of it in ireland again? can anyone let me know pls, because know i live in ireland and it would be amazing to see it filming:DI know but hey least they are all gonna be almost 3 hours a piece i was so heart broken when the first series ended it they will probably get every thing from the books best movies in our life times at least my opinion anyways :DMore power to you! I want to go and see it in iMax 3D and then see it normally about ten more times. Although my heart almost broke when I heard it was going to turn into three movies over three years. But I remembered that it will be an epic film. But why do we have to wait THREE years!lol i would, but im kind of in the midst of reading several books for my International Baccalaureate course D:1:06:28 How did he know?You could solve that whole problem by reading the book. It's not long, and it doesn't spoil anything -- it simply makes you realize how richly and faithfully this director and this crew make the Tolkien vision come to life.it wont ruin the movie thoughLOTR For leifff!
nooooooooa little bitdoes this have spoilers?Thank you ;)Is there another production video coming out?peter jackson looks great, i had no idea there was such a handsome man behind all that weight,  can't wait for the hobbit!i know i want to see it so bad i do not care if it is bad (which there is no way in hell) or good i am going to see it 3 or 4 times when it comes out :DLate DecemberWhy am I torturing myself watching these. I JUST WANT TO SEE THE MOVIE!!! I was almost crying the entire time watching this because I just want to see it so bad..... Well now I have to go get the tissues.WTF... I dodnt know they were making the hobbit... When is this supposed to come out?
best part 0:29:38yesMartin Freeman?

Bilbo Baggins!

DOCTOR WATSON!?OH MY LORD!!!! I DIDNT KNOW DR WHO WAS IN THIS!Is that jackson - did he lose some weight??
O_O1:04:58 He saw that his glasses fell, but he didn't want to pick it up 'cause he was on camera xDHe's not lol?Yeah except the Sillmarillion. That will never happen. If it does it will be 10 hours longWell hes old. Sauron could maybe be in the hobbit. it says in the book that he has some buisness down south with the necromancer (sauron)Best hour of my life.
You think its sad for Gandalf since he is the only one left from the other movies?Was the extra material from The Return of the King on youtube? And if so, do you have a link!? I'm sure it was awesome! ( :im sure theyl have real D which is essentially improved normal theater.has peter jackson lost weight. he looks noticeably thinner to me. i guess directing a lot of movies on a crazy timetable took its toll.if only he had curley hair! then he would be a real hobbit
I hope Peter Jackson will make movies for all of J.R.R. Tolkien's books!even though that I've seen all 6 blogs over and over again. I enjoy seeing them because they bring me so much joy and puts a smile on my face! Dec. '12 is not too far away now!!! I've had a very stressful day and seeing the blogs again, has put a smile on my face! thanks for uploading all 6! Less than four months to go!Is the Hobbit going to be available in IMAX as well?
Because i absolutely hate 3D. But if its the only way to view the film, i guess ill just have to suck it up, if thats even the case.peter's beginning to look like his old . . . self . . . again.I know! I wanted him to get fat again to direct the movies!i wanna timetravel to december...lolI just fucking screamed "YEAHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Right after his speech ._.What's wrong with the audio??man peter jackson has lost alot of weight.
no.. there can't be four, they would be terrible 1503Large Bag End...I agree with you 100%. But this world is full of maniacs, so without an military, more blood would be spilled rather than without an military around. But I do agree with you. The military, especially the U.S army, use up so much money. Money that could be dedicated to science and medical research.4 movies actually.
Three movies! I thought there was only to be two! After this video i am gonna listen to some blind guardian 29:36 I can't stop laughing it's so hilarious :'D"three more movies"?
I thought they were going to turn this into just two movies? Did I not get something? xDwhat do u mean theres gonna be  3 more movies?? what are they gonna be?Elijah Wood: "This is amazing! The door actually opened!" LOL x'Dreal hair looks real mind = blowni watch this every single day  just cant stop myself (such a big fan of the Hobbit and Lord of the rings)Reply to this after you've seen it so we know you didn't die in a freak accident before you got to see the movie.so you're not allowed to enjoy films?Where's Sam!?This is great advertising for New Zealand, the scenery is wonderful. 1:08:10 whoa! And 0:59:53 rofl! Since Being Human I am a Aiden Turner fan, cannot wait to see him again, and in 3D!Haahah i almost died @ 0:33:37I'm so glad I keep a pair of 3D glasses next to my computerI can't wait for Christmas to see the first part of The Hobbit!!!It appears that he does.  He's apparently a very talented guy.LOL!I really want to go and visit the south island of New Zealand. Just to see the landscape of LoTR.  Our very own Middle - Earth, here on Planet Earth.woww this is a relly cool production
Dwarves are short. They need to look smaller near characters like Gandalf and the elves.i want to hang out with these guys :( be merry, grow a fabulous beard, and stand up on tables and share drink!The Darth Sauron, maybe???I absolutely love this. Was watching the extra material from The Return of the King the other day and got very emotional when the actors discussed their experiences and how much they'd miss the whole production team. But now realising I have three more movies of pure Middle Earth pleasure to look forward to, hopefully with the same incredible chemistry between the actors, I can barely contain myself!Atmospheric is actually pretty great, as long as it's not just some conversion.It's already fatter than you can imagine.Someone get the popcornhaha, i thought the same :)
Peter Jackson looks like a hobbit.

It's a good thing.It's very generous of Jackson to do the blogs in such detail and put that time into it, considering how slammed he must be shooting and Directing. Very cool.I didn't recognise Ian McKellen at first, but then he laughed and all the memories of Lord of the Rings came back to me.
I am really looking forward to this.Well, people need someone to defend them and that is what the armies of the world is used for IF they are in the hands of good and sane leaders. Unlike Syria's or Israel's armies for example 9:46 the classic headbutt welcome :Djust noticed its an hour long! and im only on the 1 minute mark! grabbing a cupper eh :DEven if that was true nobody would care. And the way we know it is not is because no one person creates anything for a movie.Fine, we cool!The awkward moment when the man at the beginning looks like a hobbit...12 years...Jackson is still as childish now as he was thenYes,Yes it is.I am so exited! my uncle created the goblins for this film!To hell with the military in every land.  What we need is more money invested in peaceful activities and a whooooooole lot less wasted on mass murder.You're lucky; it means they can do less damage to you.  In the USA they even have "drones" flying about and spying on the entire population.  That's clearly the work of Sauron, man.LOL!  Me, I just keep thinking, "I mustn't get a fatal illness or croak from old age before Christmas 2013!" (I want to live to see both parts of the movie.)
We all need a reason to live, LOL.30:34 Just pause and look at him. i laughed for 5 mins.
0:33:36 - I came.So many amazing British actors!! :D WOO! Martin Freeman, Richard Armiatge, Andy Serkis. the list really goes on and on! Why the hell they dont do the war in the north ???fuck that Elder Scroolllllllllllllsssssssssss!!!!!sucks to be you then O_oI love this movie also right now !Peter Jackson will be a great director for dragon age if Bioware have any sence in knowing that he'll be the one to choose. I mean if he does this well with doing LOTR I'm sure he'll do just as well in Dragon age So they're really doing this? AWESOME!! :DI Can't wait for this to come OUUUUUUUUUUT
My first thought when I heard about Jackson doing the Hobbit was "I fucking hope I don't die in a freak accident before I've seen the movie".Agreed.Everyone says they're own country is the most beautiful one. 
it's so cool,and it 's my dream
It's going to be like the other 3, boring as fuck.I only see Gandalf in 'normal' clothes, not the actor.Peter Jackson changed so much :SI would seriously consider buying the shire1:06:52 This is what I do I sit on you, sit on you...Watching some of the location scenes and I found myself saying "Wow, that's exactly how I imagined it when I read the book".Peter was so stressed during LOTR filming.  He seems to be having so much more fun on these.  Good for him!Im glad he put on some weight, he looks friendlier like thatIs a nerdgasm a thing, i think its a thing
;lkskdhggoiuahdfijghasdhgjkljdfkljadkfjlakhdf fd SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i gonna see this whit my dad and old nephewGive it ten years, he'll be living in caves eating raw fish :3hollyshit those swords are AWESOME...can`t wait for the movie!!!!My left ear enjoyed this video.trolololol 29:20They say it is a logistic nightmare. They have about two football fields of people, equipment and the likes of it. Try and imagine, when we have to leave Afghanistan. We have areas, the size of cities down there. Talk about hell for the logistics department =)You should see Norway, then.lol Peter Jackson is losing hair and becoming thinner, maybe he has the ring.who is that dude in the end? Thór? Thráin? Dain?0:32:20 Why is there a exact but smaller copy of all dwarves?kili and fili i saw their names on the wardrobe awesomei have a question for Mr. Jackson, how is a book that is 544 pages(return of the king) made into one movie and a book that is 384 pages (The Hobbit) into 3 movies?all the details an work these people are awesome.I want to live in a hobbit house! They are so coolif the movie isnt at least one week big i will not see itThe sets are crazy good.00:33:30 u scared the shit out of meSooo looking forward to these 3 movies :D I know, to the people who make these movies it's more than just a job.
wow, these guys put so much love and work into these movies. WAY TO GO!!!!!My absolute favourite: 33:30 - " Who is that ... odd little fellow?" :D:D:D
3D doesn't immerse you into the film or the set, it's just an annoyance.New Zeland is sooooooo beautiful!
yeah, thats for sure, but awesome ;P BUBBLETEA!
Love Bomburs Metallica-mode! at 0:29:35Cant wait to see this movie.0:34:20 that stereoscopic image looks terrible, the effect is barely visible hahaLol everyone is like vacation or something fun other than work. Ian McKellen is like "I will fly by plane to London to go into production for a play."I am going to faint.0:27:00 Gandalfs staff is different!!! :)Peter Jackson please make an movie about Hurins children? =D 

that would also be awesome Actually, 11000. We havent got any airplanes, except for 2-3 training ones and they are from Yugoslavia and i think we have 2 or 3 helicopters.We bombed the shit out of Bosnia in the 90s, so been there done that.Have you read the Hobbit?I can't wait to watch the movie!!!!!!is gimli or legolas going to be in this movie?Vem skulle han spela som?Bosnia has got 15'000 active soldiers, so I doubt that you only got 5 helicopters... Wow, just wow.yeah u are probably right! :/I cant wait this movie..well done peter jacksonja precis!!!???Wow he put all his weight back on again.you already did. although not a formal annexation, we eat, use, love, live and want everything American. And we love US, well most of us. Well alright sorry! We cool??Thank you AuthorWho would have thought that everybody having anything to do with the production of this movie has the equivalent of a full time job lasting several years to that of somebody having a 9 to 5 standard full time job!And they're coming out with  another one! Saw a sneak peek in a movie theater. Explains Gandalfs life before the shit hit the fan... Looks pretty awesomewhich country? :)What I am saying is when he is the director and has the most power over the movie he will and has always shot in NZ. When he is the producer he has no control over where he shoots. So WHEN he can he shoots in NZ. Every movie he has done, as in every movie he directs. Not every movie he helped out in. That would be absurd you....ugh I am just done arguing here since it seems you just want to be right. Do you live in New Zealand?Awesomeness! Just pure awesomeness! Can't wait anymore!nerdgasm confirmed.I once had faith in George Lucas............Don't worry it's Peter Jackson.
I wonder how many views this will have by the end of the year.Holy crap, 12 years ago?! It doesn't seem that long ago.its insane how much effort these people are putting into this movie, very nice to watch. cannot wait for the movie (movies)haha yes you are quite rightPeter......don't fuck it up, don't fuck it upHOBBITON!! YAAAAAY!!!BARRELS!Look who is talking asshole. Peter Jackson was the producer of that video and same with Hugo hence he didn't have the authority to film where he wanted. All the other movies like LotR, King Kong, all of his zombie movies and Lovely Bones were filmed in NZ because he was the director. Now stfu before you look like an idiot again.I would love to hear Gandalf say: "And then i put on my robe and a wizard hat" :DBosnia and Herzegovina.this will be a nightmare for pewdiepieWhere are you from? :D0:48:25 
Scotch, Tequila, Wine, Beer [...] and some Jägermeister :D :DIt's great to see all the guys from the previous movies. One could hope they would do Silmarillion as well :PIan McKellen is amazing! Such an iconic person!Because they don't have an infinite amount of airplane hangar sized sets.wtf u mean by that idiot? 1 example: disctrict9 was shot in south africa. now stfu tardExactlyknow ur facts before u say something, tool.so is there going to be 2 or 3 movies regarding the hobbit?? and cant wait till comes out in theaters i loved lord of tha ringd im defffanitly looking forwards to this i wanted them to make this for 10 yearsEvery blog though he seems to get back to the weight he was at the Gloden Globes for LotR. Go watch a interview on Lovely Bones and u don't even recognize him as PJ.Because Peter Jackson doesn't film outside of New Zealand ever. Every movie he has done is in NZ.why don't they shoot in Iceland!?!?!?31:04 Ian you tease...Why on earth dont they make these sets as permanent!? Sighbosnia and herzegovina...oh, and thanks to the whole team who makes this possible. everyone it's so talented here, i don't know i like art and i can see so much, i mean SO much effort into this it wonder me.I love everything about this director. did someone mention the fucking load of content in the extended versions on dvd? it's insane and not even expensive! you have like 4 hours more to watch in deep detail how everything came to life and i can assure you people that extra content it's beautiful to watch. And now we are probably watching some of the content of the next dvd here for free, thanks Peter, im going to watch every movie like 3 or 4 times in theaters, thank you for beign so passionatewhy did george lucas make starwars 4,5,6 first?which countrie?U mean middle-earth? I think there are more than six movies about middle-AGE! :PHahaha 29:36 ... thats so funny :DIf this sucks, I am losing all faith in humanity5 helicopters?? thats more than my countries military has...... and the hobbit part 3 lol. ian mckellen is a legend.
0:00:26 Bilbo and Gollum got their own chairs :P so cute :)my too =) Mel Gibson also. i am really gonna enjoy this movie, but i was seing  Hugo Cabret in yesterday really great movie.now why the hell...
didn't they make this before the lord of the rings.and the hobbit part 3; it's been announced to be a trilogy nowdont you mean one day loolYou forgot about the hobbit part 3. Google it, Peter Jackson announced it.0:29:40 / 29:40I can't believe how skinny Peter has gotten...i came..
no, cause now there's going to be SIX movies of the middle-age!All $500,000,000 then huh
did any else think at 2:44 "One does not simply walk into Mordor" ?100% going to watch it on 3d
0:00:40 WTF ?!I haven't asked for your opinion...i just started saying if, it would'nt be nice to play a role in this movie? And then you just babble loose, like if was a fool and an idiot :-) I think you have to take back this crap for now on ;-)is it in 3d?
barrels O.OHe has lost so much weight.Bring me a taco.
Yes sir!
Heh heh heh heh heh tacos rule.I can't wait for the Special Edition DVD with 30 minutes of extra footage....and then the Special Edition DVD box set of the entire story, and so on. By the time I'm done, I'll have financed the god damned movie! lolWho else wants this movie to come out now? XD *has been waiting 5ever*Man, Peter Jacksons great... That guy did a wonderful job with LOTR, and if and when the hobbit becomes a trilogy, he'll do a decent job, even if the idea is a bit extreme.I definitely agree with you. James Cameron is another one of my favorites.He's so short it's adorable! XDim so glad peter jackson decided to make these movies. LOTR movies would be completely different without him. they all seem to have so much fun on set. it makes me jealous that im in school studying my ass off to land a job where i have half as much fun as these people :(They did that with the Lord of the Rings trilogyi love peters commitment to the movies.. he does all he can and speaks to everyone.. focuses on every detail and never disappoints his audience..why do we have to wait so loooong :pi see gandalf as a god now. its funny how peter jacksons gains like 50lbs between the first and the second part...man hes must be fucking stressed out shooting these projectsone of the worlds best director in my opinion, not the best just one of the best :)Andy Serkis is awesomebe nice to peter jackson!Changed, he's right, it's now 3 films ;) It's not just Bilbo the hobbit but other thing about middle earth we can find in Tolkien's book THAT WILL TAKE MORE THAN ONE NIGHT I ASSURE YOU!!!!!!!!is that sean slater who used to be in eastenders playing one  of the dwarves?!?!?!?! :)i always smile when i hear that song in the begining.these were made before they announced that they were going to make 3 filmsi love their beardsSomeone make a gif out of 29:35-45More pro than your dumb question.I hate 3D movies..Wait wait wait... was that Frodo at 00:36:17? Or was that from LOTR production? *3 filmslooks great but ...
3 bloody films
released a year apart
yeah thanks peteBill Gates is going to save some money for a new Lamborghini Reventon..
....
....
....
aaaaand he's done!Maybe a part of The Silmarilion as a movie would be good, but not the whole book.
It isn't really an epic story like LOTr or The Hobbit, It's more of a history book.The first half would be like trying to make the first half of the Bible into a movieso does his wallet with ever LOTR movie release.Aragorn: "Legolas, What do your elf eyes see?"
Legolas: "Well, it appears to be Peter Jackson and a cohort of helicopters swooping down over the horizon."The Silmarillion would make a terrible movie. Not a good idea.December is so far away... =(
Damn directing movies really takes its toll!No country fits better to Middle Earth than New Zealand! 29:20 LMFAO!määäääääääähhhhhhh, wir müßen (hier in Deutschland) noch bis 19.12. warten. ich bin genauso aufregt, wie 01, 02 & 03. Peter Jackson läßt das Kind in mir, wieder aufleben.SARUMAN 33:36!lol....a idiot would know that ;-) Just spoken like a pro, eh???Well it isn't exactly fun and games, you have to read the script, do the acting, you can damage yourself during the filming, the multi-hour make-up early in the morning.
Still wanna get a role in it.We'll be senile old fudders by the time the silmarillion is half way done. The book has 400 pages of history 4 of these detail the story of lotr in the same amount of detail as the rest of the events in the book. You do the math.SeaNanners at 0:12:21 !Would'nt it be nice to play a role in this movie? :-) woooo thanks so much for this Peter Jackson and MovieClipswhat can be cooler than working there
awesomedidnt you knwo that the hobbit is going to be 3 movies??yes it was officialy(?) anounced a while ago that the hobbit was going to be trilogyHe mentioned a third movie around 1:00:00 does this mean what I think it does? :OI should just wait and watch this on the DVD....
*10 seconds later*
NOPE!!!!!!My left ear enjoyed thisCant fucking wait!
who cares? hes a film maker not a gym trainer.Nick Fury hates 3D59:38   Oh My Fu??!!ckin' God! That is amazing! That shot!0:29:37  

that just made my day lol XDupdate iti like your thinking i LOVEDDD the book nooooo 3D sucks -.-They MUST make The Silmarilion movie...I don't care how much parts it will have or how long it would be I DON'T CARE!Or how HARD it would be to make it!
I thought the human eye was analog and can perceive any amount of frames per second. Or perhaps this website has better answers.  w w w 100fps com / how_many_frames_can_humans_see h t mso much work
peter jackson gains 100 pounds in less than an hour.33:38 I will never - EVER - go back to that Face, it really left me shocked for 20 min. ! Damn...you....Sarumaaaaaaaaaaan!Probably because he is someone who drinks real ale and talks avout Saxon treasure down at the pub. And makes movies to boot!Why does Peter Jackson now look like somebody who drinks real ale and talks about Saxon treasure down the pub?WANT MORE24:27 - not sure how I caught it, but in the top left - I has feetsI wish Peter Dinklage was one of the dwarves...bothered the fuck out of me too..the audio popping -____________-I jizzed when I saw christopher lee.Wow new new zealand is one amazing place. Would love to go there sometime :)I feel like I'm 16 again <3three
They're making 3YesDid they do the flight with the eagles?when is the film gonna be released? this is about bilbo baggins right?FAILED ATTEMPT AT COMMENT DUMP~I always say it whenever i see him, in whatever movie.man peter like gains alot of weight from by the time you start part 1 to part 6... Good thing about the Hobbit is you can discuss it, odds are if you haven't read the book yet your probably not interested in the film.am I the only one who just wants to live on the set lool longer beards god dammit!Cool! What camera will the actuall movie be shot on?31:05 "I wouldn't them all to dinner, not all 13. Maybe a couple at a time." Sly book reference ;DIndeed!fergus?0:06:00 shit gandalf looks badass in real lifelol at like 0:04:30"what 1 hour long no way im watching!" is what I said an hour agoCAN'T WAIT!!! :)
0:51:18 Frodo Baggins!!!!! <3I think I would develop a quite serious form of kleptomania, working on those sets....With Gollem, Bilbo has an encounter with Gollem.I'm so proud to have the same name as one of their cameraswho would dislike this haha
0:43:28 is so EPIC with 3D glasses :OIs Howard Shore the componist of the soundtrack in the hobbit?over the course of this documentary, Peter Jackson is slowly turning into a dwarf.QQmost of these guys made a huge part of my childhood and now they are there to make an epic movie oncce again, i can wait much longer to see it pj looks a bit unhealthy in this. slimmer an prob healthier lifestyle just looks a bit run down Two things : First - New Zealand is so beautiful! And Second - Hobit!i don't know, maby if someone wants to get married but doesnt have a best man.......I can't wait!!! 
Well duh there going to make them shorter with Cgi. What do you mean they dont look like real dwarves? 
First of all there not real. So how can you say that they don't look like them? 
Trust me they will look better in the movie .
You saw them with an unedited cameraIf anything 3D ruins some movies cause try always try to show it off by doing some pointless scene where they throw something at the camera and it's at a wierd time lol
But on other note 
The Hobbit is going to be amazing 
I wish I could tour there sets. 
I've read the books love the moviesi guess im not a total fucking pussy so i dont hear any tapping sound.... pussy's jk yeah that really ruins it but im gonna be a real Dwarf and deal with it. I LOVE PETER JACKSON FOR THE LOVE OF 01010101I cannot wait... So excitedat 21 min WOW Peter... ya put that weight back on lolThey are the scale doubles. So whenever you see a shot of the dwarves next to a "normal" sized character, the dwarves (and hobbits) are actually these scale doubles. They did the same thing for LoTR.You just type a numbers into comment, like for example You want to share a moment from video wchich is at 1:06:15 - You just type it like it is on player.WOW Peter lost tons of wieght!!! Looking good there!Peter Jackson is such a cool, chill guy.Sean from EastEnders :O Elijah Wood turned out to be a pretty cool guy...unlike many child actors, he can actually act, and has an unbelievable amount of talent...

LOTR = greatest Trilogy All TimeHei Norskingen!
Someone likes you.38 people are Uhruk-hai
when gollum/andy was saying NOO 22:00 ish. i already know what happened. "whats in my pocket?'Because they have nerdgasmhow to create -link like this? btw, marvelous :DAnyone know what a "Best Boy" does for a movie?1:06:15Most of it will be filmed in New Zealand but not all of it.EVERYONE.. looks sexier in their costumes. Especially Bombur. ;)Well, the Pinewood Studios that it showed is in Britain, so I dono.peter jackson looks like old Merryis it getting filmed in new zealand like lotr, or is it getting filmed somewhere else?ian a paas pris une rideam I dreaming or jackson is on a diet?OMG. Eddard Stark is there at 0:02:51i want to have a loop from 0:29:38 to 0:29:41You might want to say hi to the fans... "mmm fansss" ah pah! at the sound only at left side of the headset not to say the constant tapping sound....Peter Jackson really gained up some weightThis movie is going to be awesome!they are making the hobbit 3D? Fuck. i hope 3D dieslooks like i got 6 hours of glorious hobbit stuff to listen to while i play dragons dogmaPeter eres el mejor!!!! Gracias Tolkien!!!whre :D? Where can I see this documentary? :)
Is Serkis doing some of the other creatures as well?There is no way any not LotR / Tolkien Fan can understand how excited I am for this movie!It's sad to see Balin (I believe) and then realize he was killed in Moria, as seen in LotR D:Exciting to see so much creativity!Why is there someone fapping in my headset?I have read the book like 5 times so not like there is going to be any spoilers watching these, so excited for the movie now, even more than beforeThis video you just watched is 1 to 6, thats why it's an hour long.I want to build a hobbit hole :'DYes, his name is Deep Royat least as good as the movie itself!9:45 is that an "umpa lumpa" ? o_ODude what are you on about?? NZ is lovely!! thanks for upload budProbably nothing special if you have been living there your whole life.
New Zeeland are one of the few countries I would like to live in.trust me your not missing anything i live there
Ah I see, now I remember that bear-man Beorn. Good thinking!In the book, when they went to beorns house to ask assistance. They had to come a couple at a time to not make him irritated. I think that was what he meant :)No its all six blogs into one video.Waving their little little arms!! It's ferocious and cute... This coming from a guy scares me!wow, where can I watch it? don`t have found it on youtube :(OMG HUGO WEAVING :D12h? o.Ò No, can you explain what's the meaning of it?apple sucks so who cares?Haha, him slimming down just made him so like a Hoobit for me. He was abit over weight and chubby before the adventure. And lost it all by the time it ended! Just like Frodo :D Hah33:30 scrolls over, saruman o.Owatched this video, realised at the end i watched it in 360p so i went back and watched it again in HD.When Steve Jobs had cancer and liver disease, he became very, very, thin (right down to the bones) and also very pale. Peter Jackson, on the other hand, looks very healthy and his face is rosy. I think he is in excellent health ( I hope so!)He seems to be a stress eater. However, he's nowhere near the enormous size he was when he was shooting lotr.Did anybody take the referance when Ian McKellen said he would not have had all the dwarves to dinner together, only a couple at a time?Bonus from long version DVD ? or there is an other somewhere on the internet ?
He didn't get cancer just went on a diet and got slim. It's funny because he gets fat again by the end of the production.where can i find it??there are so many stupid,cheap films today in the cinema but in this case it looks like they are putting so much hart in this project, i know this will be a master piece :)Taking the hobbits to isengart gart gart gart gartIn the words of Hiddles himself 'UNCONTROLLABLY EXITED!'if anyone could make a film work in flippin 4d it would be peter jacksonWhere is that, i MUST see itWhere is this? O_o500 people on location, is that really necessary?! I remember seeing some footage from a documentary on ingmar bergman. He had like 5-10 people on location making the 7th seal. And they had like a really shitty old camera as well. Still better movie than lord of the rings, then we have the good the bad the ugly. Where clint eastwood provided his own wardrobe and only had his sun tan as makeup. They could probably go 30 people on location and survive without food and shit in the forest.Greatest 1:08:48 ever spent!There's Watson, now where's Sherlock...Oh wait.O__O 1:05:19Dat feel when you realise they couldn't do it any other way most of the time and they shot on location as much as they could.when comes the movie out?
i love it when the crew play a little cameo in the movies ( like in LotR )  cant wait for the movie and to spot them  : ) You can really see how much weight you put on making a movie. Peter started really quite skinny but as it goes on he gets bigger and bigger. Thats what 250 days of filming can do to you! Best trilogy* ever! next to lord of the rings.tumbs up if u watch allwhen i retire i wanna live in hobbiton this movie will be epic!!!! My favorite book of the seriesMy left ear enjoyed this video.come 
ON
I just want to see it already.  GREAT CASTSome people can be so silly! *Tut*just realised at around 16 mins that the LOTR score sounds alot like the jurrasic park score!!dat feel when you realize most of it was shot in new zealand.an hour of enyojing
I did to xD
But I actually think it fits him better, probably cause I'm not used to see him all ''skinny''...
Looked more like him when he put on some weight again x)  ^^
haha, that sounds kinda mean.....*cool as shit
I think that its more like they filmed too much great footage and it can't be contained within 2 films without some disappointing/ crucial cuts. I think the hobbit will be shitPeter Jackson is my biggest inspiration. I have been fat for a while and never thought it would change... then I see how he become so slim, I decided to go on diet, and now I am in very healthy shape!my left ear enjoyed that >:(i did after about a minute :PWere is the part were bombour plays airguitarr???
 :DIf you read the Hobbit.. you know the sad ending for some of them.. ;(.60 kilos of toilet paper :D 48:33Never really knew how hard Peter Jackson had to work. He earns those big bucks; more so than a lot of people in Film.don't say that§!Check out IMDB.com for more about LOTR !They're taking the helicopters to Isenguard7:01 I was like "hey... i don't remember this scene at all when I read the book"... then the subtitle came up.then stop watching dimwitHe's lost so much weight since LOTR. He looks a lot less stressed. I wonder if he'll pack it on during the filming?He is one...you didn't know?Jackson seems to putting on some wieght during filmingJohn, Paul, George and Ringo. Someone likes the Beatles...boooooooooriiinggggThing i like about Peter jackson, most behind the scenes is somebody who has nothing to do with the film. But jackson makes the effort so show the fans the studio etc.exactly! i would love to be able to see one of their sets that they made :) This is just so beautiful Dat feel when you know its gonna be one of the best movies ever and you dont care 0:53:32Middle Earth is real! They filmed all there!0:44:59  Oh look! A lightsaber! X^)This isn't true. You must be a servant of the Dark Lord.I diinnttt reaadd whhatt you saiiiddd :( The great thing about tolkeins books is that he got all his races and inspiration from actual dark age north europe mythology.1:06:29 So the third film will be scene 88.That's the point...Watching this while having watched Sherlock 1 week ago is really weird.well, it's still amazing isn't it? =)dw it'll have a normal version too :)33:44 LOL!They should've built the houses at Hobbington as holiday flats, they'd make a fortune and a half each year - I on my part would love to vacation there... WHY 3D THO? =(when will be the movie on cinema?
I want to do props for the movies :DJackson also said he could never enjoy the film as the fans have because he already knows what will happen. Poor guy ;( nevertheless he fucking made history for me!i a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. :) and how i wish it were meYou know what cheers me up? Bag End actually existsi had no idea that peter jackson was so sympatheticHahaha Sorry I screwed up I meant 33:40 ;) but better start watching that part from about 33:30Elrond? Smiling?!! Whta is this witchcraft!!shouldn't this video come after the release of the film ? kinda spoils itIts like Drew Carey.

When you're famous while your fat you should stay fat.why are you watching this video then?i didnt see saruman at 3:40
Damn Saruman scared the crap out of me at 3:40. Lol.bofur reminds me of george clooney.XDthis makes me so jelly  :Pi am really looking forward to the music that comes along with these movies. The soundtrack is going to be epic.The Hobbit Village is amazing - I want to buy a plot of land and create my own  :D
Cant wait for the movie ! yesterday i read that the hobbit, will be 3 movies, not 2. not sure if i sould be happy or afraid...he is going a lot fatter again, that is for sure.So do u dislike LOTR or like it...? JAKE887s probably just trolling no one is that stupid. that or they have a mental condition. dont give him too much thought.
They DO mean something. By that rule, do Razzie Awards mean a movie isn't always terrible? Come on.. anything that wins a Razzie fails in more ways than one.pious fool.The Hobbit is the best book ever :Ddat feel when you realize most of it is shot in some studio :*(I just went on your page and the image is of one of those vain 20+s who take topless pictures of themselves because they're pathetic.  That would indicate that you're not 12, but have the mental age and maturity of a 12 year old.  OR it's not you and you're a closet homosexual, which is probably why you use the word 'faggot' so often.  Which one is it?  Both?btw god didnt create you to complain about stuff on youtube. :P1:06:28 , man, that must be the idea they went on with making the third film!Bhahahaha! See kids? Thats why I'm agnostic. I love how you get to see the different stages of Andy's hair growth ^_^ "Fag boy"??  Ok, so we now know that you're 12 years old, and if we didn't then, we do now after reading how you pitifully misinterpreted what I said.  I didn't say that you were atheist you stupid child, I was saying that you push people towards it with your God bothering.  No-one cares, leave it alone.Good, old Peter Jackson wasn't chubby, but fat :D today's PJ is the chubby oneThere are also a lot of changes he made that I thought made the story bettter and more streamlined (Boromir sacrificing himself at the end of FoTR, not having years pass between Bilbo's Birthday and the beginning of Frodo's quests). Not to mention that the movie had great art direction, music, and casting.In the end it is a matter of how much you are willing to accept. I like the movies, in fact they are my favorite movies, just like JRRT's books are my favorite books. While I disagree with many changes made in the film, I understand many of them, and eventually I grew to accept them. But one thing needs to be clear: the book is the true tale, no other. That is what I hate the most; when people think what was pictured in the movies is the true tale..I disagree he "ruined" the story. TLoTR is such a huge tale, backed up by thousands of years of history... JRRT always felt that his book was too short, and deserved much more.. just like PJ is most likely thinking; some times things have to be cut and changed, and yes, some times to the dislike of others (I completely agree with the part about the characters you speak of). But on the other hand, just like the book couldn't be 10 000 pages long, the movies couldn't be a 100 hours long.Shut up.  Enjoy them yourself and stop trying to force everyone else to like what you like.  People like you are a beacon for atheism- don't you get that people don't like being told what to do?I could illustrate @ least 20 examples of where PJ completely GUTTED the story, but the one I truly despise is his re-writing of Elrond's relationship w/ Aragorn - they LOVED each other in the novel; some of their dialogue the most moving in the entire epic, and jackson TWISTED it completely out of proportion while INFLATING Arwen's beyond anything remotely in the novel - it was a total bastardization of the story, like changing Moby Dick so the Ahab kills the White Whale in the end - a joke.if PJ is going to 'add' new characters, change plots, subplots, and completely rewrite the story he should call it 'his version' of the Hobbit - turning Elrond from a noble character into a prick? Creating a hateful relationhip between Elrond and Aragon when it was the TOTAL OPPOSITE in the novel?!  COmpletely rewriting Arwen's role just because he wanted to make it more 'girl' friendly?  This is wholesale GUTTING of the story - it's not 'adapting' it's REWRITING, and it's outrageous.Why not we make a fellowship?Yeah, But Aidan is a good actor! And he has a beard... A small one...
And the name is really cool XDOh..I thought that @ 7:15 we were going to see the HAKA dance!!.. @ 7:40 all the way to the left is the guy that played in eastenders!! I knew he looked familiar...happy to see him again.....wow wish I was working this kinda job! great job guys looking forward to this movie!59:27 Woot Rohan themeYeah, and Bombur! He is so funny XD0.17.29 were is that exactly ?now i know. we're just as big as a hobbit...
Thumbs up if u want them to make a film where Gollum is the main character! ,Thank you, Peter JacksonWhy should i, as a Tolkien fan since my 13th year on this world, hate having Legolas in  the movie when it's perfectly logical by the story, if the character of legolas would have been invented by the time of the Hobbit the professor would surely have added him in the halls of Mirkwood.
If they added Aragorn that would suck, but they even have the perfect explanation for old Bilbo (i LOVE Ian) and Frodo.Who is that odd, little fellow?I miss the chubby Peter Jackson, he looks much more strict now :<I love it! One day, LEGO will make "THE HOBBIT"! :)Hehe, you're funny.They aren't a seal of quality, but I believe with LOTR they got it right for once.I serve Melkor/Morgoth, the true dark lord still, though he is imprisoned.The One "does not simply walk into Mordor" meme must be destroyed.  

It must be taken deep into the heart of the Internet and dragged and dropped into the Recycle Bin of the Web.

Only there can it be unmade.

One of you must do this.Surely that was in Rivendell...I got a feeling 3D and 48fps is gunna ruin this film.Since when were Acadamy Awards a seal of quality? Fuck the Acadamy Awards.Look how much weight Peter Jackson has lost in the last ten years!Awesome job!!! But i really hope they can do "SILMARILLION" too! it would be extraordinary! ^0^Hobbiton is just lovely. Would love to live there. ^_^I wonder why dwarves in fantasy films always have a Scottish accent...Thats 2.3 million dollars of camera- without attachments!You are ignorant very ignorant..MATEBOFUR*Bombur, Bombur all the wayThe real natural landscapes to be exact.  That's what I meant to say.  :)
I know they are also using made-up sets for this film but it's still cool to see that they are using real locations as well.   ^_^We are able to see these wonderful locations through these films that gives people an idea on how beautiful these real-life landscapes are.  :)
I think it's cool that they are using real landscape locations for the film and it's fun to see it in the film.  But I but it's even more cool to visit the location in person.  :D

I'm sure there are TV programs that show these locations as well and not just in film.  :)




I always thought Elijah wood looked 12 at 19 now he's 30... He still looks 12Look how fat Peter Jackson ended up after filming in Blog 8, +40 pounds at least.the set looks so fun!!!! :)))But he doesn't have  beard D:how bout dwarves all i can focus on is ANDY'S HAIR!! :0my favorite dwarf is Kili!!!Ohhhhhh Noes, not 3D ;(Except beards aren't a race >.>It'll almost certainly be PG-13.

When I think kids movie I think Pixar or Disney. This is no more of a kids movie than the Lord of the Rings movies or any of the recent superhero films.Ahahah :Phell with just one ill invite them all!!!they need the sets to make a different movie thats why but i like your thinking kinda what they did with harry potter in orlando i so wanna go there 22 people racist towards beardswtf, as soon as i clicked on this vid my balls began to tingle, then i clicked off, it stopped. clicked back on, it started again! WTF??!!Eu estava com saudades. É ótimo voltar a este lugar. Obrigado Peter!Hahaha LMAO 29:35 Bombur Metall :DLook at 44:00, it's green man from It's Always Sunny!i hope the film includes the assault on dol guldur. Jackson said the hobbit will be a trilogy so, probably we will see sauron the necromancer =DOk, Which dwarf would YOU invite to dinner? Reply to me! I would choose Thorin.Ah yes. Where the fellowship was formed. Where the meme "One does not simply walk into mordor" was madeits 11pm and i got school tomorrow and just found this fuck meGot told that thier making The hobbit so they can raise money to help rebuild Christchirch after the Earthquake they had that left the city in ruinsI have been waiting for this movie for five years and I am can't wait for much longer!the concept art was actually drawn in 3D... wooooowwwwww o_ONot in the Hobbit, his spirit at that time fled to Mirkwood near the Woodland Realm Region.Roads go ever ever on,
Over rock and under tree,
By caves where never sun has shone,
By streams that never find the sea;
Over snow by winter sown,
And through the merry flowers of June,
Over grass and over stone,
And under mountains in the moon.
Roads go ever ever on
Under cloud and under star,
Yet feet that wandering have gone
Turn at last to home afar.
Eyes that fire and sword have seen
And horror in the halls of stone
Look at last on meadows green
And trees and hills they long have known.Peter has so much charm and charisma that no amount of sweatpants can disguise. Wheeeeey Ian Mckellen
nvm my facts our out of date hahaNo its going to be two partsits going to be a trilogy i love being a nerd again Dude it's just a joke...if you really give that big a shit I suggest you find quality toilet paper to wipe it with.3:59 You-know-who? Nuh-uh .. Well yeah but the creature has at least a nose.. so it isn't You know who it's.. (Spoiler)
true, but if atleast i can see 6 or seven little men tackling and stomping away at a orc lets say 6 foot 7 feet tall, that is all i needI remember when I saw the first vlog I cried like a baby.. It's so awesome that Peter Is doing this again! And 3,146 free people of Middle Earth stand in his way...it's so weird seeing watson without sherlock hahaI know, i feel like im watching it for the lord of the ringsFor the mean-time, I'll be listening to "We're taking the Hobbits to Isengard" on a loop...is this movie going to be 1 movie or three like the last 3And one serves the White Hand of Saruman.ROFL @ 0:59:52 mark hahaha!  Wow his hair just plastered against his face. too funny.21 apparently.  Losers. lolthis makes me want to watch it tomorrow.WOW! Andy Serkis...that man is amazing how he brought Gollum to life!  Just amazing.  I would've never guessed that was a real actor.  I always thought he was fully computer animated. He's amazing!I CAN'T WAIT!!!!! SO EXCITED!!!Martin's so adorable xDat 7:20 that sounds like the "ka mate."pete looks like a goblin came and let the air out of him.  we still love him.Smaug bro.If his work with Lord of the Rings was a "hatchet job" why did it win 17 Academy Awards? Come on man those are three of the greatest movies ever!DWARF POWER!!!!Three hobbit movies?  Please - the only reason they're breaking up the story is to cash in - fool me twice shame on me - real fans of the book HATE adding Legolas to the story, and new characters?  Peter jackson was a little known art house director before he made LOTR, and in King Kong and Lovely bones his drawbacks as a film maker were plain to see - after his hatchet job with Rings I won't pay a cent to watch him wreck the remainder of a great epic - drop dead PJ..Wow, the river and the barrels looks exactly how I imagined when I was 10 years
now im 20 and I'm desperate to see the movie T_T11:06 he feels sleepy3 Hobbit movies coming out now. I nereded out so much. XDwell technically10, 7 in the prologue and 3 at the council of elrond
there were 3 in fellowship of the ringSuch a lovely atmosphere is there :)Into post-production now. Time to loose all that weight you gained, Peter Jackson!that clicking is driving me mad

20 people serve the Dark Lord Sauron...The others came up short as far as having plenty of dwarfs...lolI loved the book! Really looking forward to the movie, I'm going to pre-book a ticket!Life Goals: 1. Learn to pilot a chopper
                 2. Move to BEAUTIFUL New Zealandi heard it like 3 months ago when watching a rant abut how bad the movie was on youtube. Im pretty sure its reliable.I believe there were multiple dwarves at the Council of Elrond in The Fellowship of the Rings.Thumbs up if you have heard about the third movie installment for The Hobbit.  And in the words of Professor Tolkien himself, "a tale that grew in the telling."thumbs up if you read the bookim fucking PUMPED to see this movie!!!me too but, i saw how many normal people there were, there were lots of elfs, and only 1 dwarf, i felt sorry for him, not getting to do all of his dwarf stuff with his friendsno, no you are not.0:29:30 - How to be an EPIC D0RFno, 3d sux :/29:30 metallica dwarf, epic winI will pay for that movie. Do the same guys, they worth more that 1 ticket and you all know it.PFFFF YOU MADE ME DOWNLOAD ALL HE LOTR MOVIES ALL OVER AGAIN -.-I'm a little curious as to why they don't actually make Hobbiton habitable? They should make actual houses based on the holes that are modeled. Its like Elijah said, prime real-estate.Am I the only one who just cannot stop watching these production vids? I sincerely doubt that I amIt isn't set it old England. It's set in a fictional world called Middle Earth.Haha actually that sounds like a pretty good way of going about it. I always wanted one of those replicas!Fair enough, I'm just saying, they don't show any footage and they show many things you would never get to see in the actual movie. They do show the sets though, which i guess could be a minor spoiler.Sometimes deviations from the text need to made in order to fill the void created by the different medium of communication. You couldn't make a movie that remained 100% true to the text, it would be boring as shit. I know it's hard for my fellow tolkienians to handle, but film is a very different form of storytelling. Changes have to be made. Suck it up.haha, there aren't any spoilers.yea, dont want anyone crying about how the american actors come to our country and wudnt even watch a hakaYeah I figured that out, did some research. Thanks anyway.No, nooooooooooooo, Dagorlad predates the hobbit by many many years. Dagorlad is the battle you see at the start of the Fellowship Of The Ring, where the last alliance bands together and the ring is cut from Sauron's hand. The Hobbit is a simple story that predates the Lord of the Rings by only 60 years and it mainly encompasses the finding of the ring, and the quest to the lonely mountain.Haha I know right! We always shove a haka down their throats and make them feel uncomfortable trying to speak maori and rub noses. Still, in the modern world of being politically correct, it has to be done.Because it's set in Old England (Middle-Earth). Wtf is wrong with people seeing racism everywhere they fucking look? If you watch a movie set in Old Africa, don't be complaining about the lack of white people!Your deduction skills are pretty amazing. You should be a detective!Where did you hear that? If that is true I'm going to be so excited!Number 7 is out now, in case some people didn't know! :3 PLEASE!!!38:10  Yayyyy!!!!0:17:36 dear god I want to o to NZ!Yay for the 20+ hour movie :D !do you have facebook? then like my facebook page! its on my youtube channel :)There were more than 1 dwarves in LOTRIf somebody shoots the Silmarillion, it won`t be it.tv series0:38:09 Are we having fun? Yeeee!!! xDDWhats that about i never got round to reading the bookthumbs up for finally more then 1 dwarf in the movie!!!!!!!!Well that is not going to be easy because Silmarillion is a combination of stories not a single one and that makes it difficult for a movie adaptation. The children of Hurin o the other hand is both interesting and can be made a movie. Gods I hope not :P yeah i dont think a movie of the silmarillion would work. i mean what would be the point? its basicly an extensive narrative that describes the universe of Ea in which different lands such as middle-earth and others are found. there is no single unifying quest and no 'band of brothers' to identify with. its really kind of a chronicle of tolkiens fantasy lands of Ea. actually boring and exhausted. TLOTR and the Hobbit are much much better.16:27 looks f amazingThis is gonna be AMAZIN'!tho i am pritty sure he will gain it all now durning the movies and maby after he lose it again :DThat's kinda impossible I think :pGIMLIOh the Valar! I hope so! Feanor's story is one of my favorites!metallica dwarf rulesthe guy making the hobbit is remaking the Eragon movie, maybe this one will be decent and stick to the book.Are we having fun?

38:10!Oh my Lord, NO! That movie would go on for days in order to do it enough justice! lolThis is ABSOLUTELY AWESOME.i hope they dont do that...
they should make a movie for every separate story within silmarillion :)The Fall of Númenoris it official?MysteryDude, that's like reading a textbook.pray there be more middle earth films!!3-d? 48 FPS? Please don't suck.I love these blogs, but when the actors mock the genre or the book(s) specifically, it really irks me. It's always the actors, too, not the various technical people working on the films. They get a funny look on their faces, and feel the need to display a cynical worldliness in contrast to the fundamental meaning of all of Tolkien's work: that cynical worldliness is not impressive -- *belief* is impressive, even if 'willing suspension of disbelief' is all you can manage for 2 minutes.Gandalf - beard = less epic and less oldIf dwarfs lived in the real world they would love Jägermeister too :Dthese guys r great :)I think that working with Jackson must be fun.. lolDEFINETLEYPeter Jackson my Favorite Director. Lotr Series yeah I share the same thought with you. Wanna see the Silmarillion so bad. I love Arda and its heroes ^^ P.J's lost some weightomg 29:38 is the best part hahaha
metallica dwarfSARUMAN SARUMAN SARUMAN SARUMAN SARUMAN!!!!!!!
Shire*
And the Howard Shore score playing adds nostalgia to this!Did anyone else feel goosebumps knowing some of the characters we love are coming back? Mission Impossible 3 ^^A Blog you can follow, unlike most. (*Suspicious face*)Ooooh, all the head bumping done around 9:30 makes me miss Viggo Mortensen like crazy! If you've watched the LOTR appendices you'll know exactly what I'm talking about, haha. I'm so excited for the Hobbit to come out!WHY HELLO THERE ,FILI!YOU SEXAY DWARF!

LoL.I really need to find some way of moving to Middle Earth.I feel so out of place in this world :(


I WOULD SOOO BE FROM GONDOR.ROCK N FUCKING ROLL.


This comment is pretty much all of my thoughts while watching this.LMFAO.CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS FILM.

i almost crapped my pants at 33:43Interesting to see ow this was done.......12:09 SMITH :OLAWD, I KNEW I WASN;T ALONE :Dheard Gandalf voice at 6:23 and I was like      AWESOME.......they announced that they will be making a third :)
i liked the part where they showed john rhyes-davies and christopher leeexcelente!!! la saga continua desde el inicio de la aventura!!! con la calidad de Peter Jackson!!! bien!!!
is it actually 2 films or just 2 parts of 1 film ?
SARUMAN!!! THAT DUDE SCARED THE SHIT OUT OF ME!Search the 7th and 8th part! ;)04:30 it almost looks like a us army ww2 helmet.fantastic landscapeaaarght i cant take it anymore, im gonna read the fucking book!!!!i can't believe i spent 1 hour to watch this @@. Best video blog ever \m/i watch lord of the rings behind the scenes and peter jackson had lost like loads of weight! can wait for the hobbit to come out ;p0:43:51 i just love those small moments of awsomeness.That's what I do like about Peter Jackson. If there's anything he's good at, it's the way he can create an atmosphere. 
So many movies are spoiled with overuse of green screens nowadays.

i want to visit Bilbo's house :Di agree!! because he did Lotr and the hobbit, hes gotta take on that challenge!! >:Dits crazy seeing all the sets and backgrounds that they use just to make a movie, you actually think these places are real...and the sad part is finding out that they were made on a stage. But i love them, they're absolutely amazing it takes you to some places that seem so real. And im so happy and excited to see The Hobbit, i grew up watching the old cartoon movie that they had. Wow ld Sie yo ser those landscapes some dayPeter Jackson, I know the hobbit isn't even released yet, but PLEASE do the silmarillion! If anyone knows how to do it, its you! Much love! :) 0:15:18 - George Lucas: " location shooting? I used to do that back in the 70's. Didn't know people still did that." Im so excited! I can't wait to see Martin as Bilbo!!29:45 o_Othe little asian guy is so tiny!
Stephen Fry is actually gonna be in The Hobbit as the Master of Laketown.Effectively, New Zealand is middle-earth.OVER 500!!! 46:20wow i watched the whole thing.why is Elijah Wood dressed like frodo
he will be in the movie?lol those places look awesome.

Too bad I live in Auckland which looks pretty much the same as any other city but with more trees lol. peter,gracias por hacerme soñar como un niño,ojala  pòr mucho tiempo perdure tu arte maravilloso.Creo que tienes el poder de los dioses.Hacer realidad lo imposible.He's in part of this movie, like a sort of flash-forward.Right, Dr Watson is playing Bilbo Baggins! What is Elijah doing on the set dressed up?36:15 Look at Gandalf :DDhot
dwarves
jsdkajafdsajkslajfdkathanks for the poor sound and all the cracking in my speakersWhere the fuck i get this paper 3D Glasses from? i searched in almost every store right nowThere's a blog numbered 7, just to let you know
AWESOMEhe has a lot of hair. manHow is it at hobbits, if they come in puberty? Rejoice they if they get hairs on feet, how ....?Furthermore, Middle Earth is drawn from Anglo, Celtic and Scandinavian mythology, and it doesn't make any sense for there to be black people in it. I mean it'd be like having a black person in King Arthur or Branwen. Sometimes, I think people go to ridiculous extremes to include the 'token Asian, African or Indian' when really it makes no difference. Except of course, in a notable exception when they went out of their way to NOT have Asians when they should have. The Last Airbender movie anyone?UHHHHHHHGGGHHHHH NERDGASM!that would be such a fun job to have, to work on an awesome movie. Tiring, but rewarding!I have this image in my head of a Dwarves v Klingon singing/drinking contest It's DwalinUnqualified comment here: Martin!!! =)Tolkien was a proffesor of Middle-Age English. As it is oubvious in his books, Third Age of Middle-Earth is somehow representing the England of that age. Correct me if I'm wrong, but the only black people that would appear in this part of history were the slaves from Africa, and Tolkien didn't describe it because the form of slavery in his stories are much more evil with evil creatures like Sauron, orcs, Nazguls...
Just my point of view, though I realise it does not answer the question either.My favorite part is from 0:00 to 1:08:48 <3Oh my god! Im so giddy for this movie! I didn't know I was this big of a geek but I can't wait!i could watch this the whole day :D
typical of us kiwis to make foreigners deal with cultural crap"Are we having fun?"
"Yaaaaaaaaa"my inner geekness is coming out again ;-)old times!!!!! love the melody:)when Peter is done with the hobbit he should continue to make more lotr movies theres so many stories :Dthank you Peter Jackson for making these video blogs for the fans.  This was beyond great. 
Youre the man!My favourite bit 33:28 NEW ZEALAND FTW!I wish I was in the lord of the rings <3 So emotional in manyt ways, watching/thinking about it
I hope this film meats it's standards! <3That might work :DWhat do you mean?  Way too old for what?Andy Serkis is a seriously cool guy...
Peter Jackson is way too old! :(29:40 xD i laugted for five minutes until i had stoisch ache14 orks disliked this ;D
thanks :)it looks like a place were dinosaures could live...and i also belive they filmed Jurassic Park in NZ too =Pmisty mountain colddoes anyone know what song was playing at the very end of this video? Thanks :)One does not simply ignore this Youtube video o.ohaha! 29:38Yeah looks great, I hope he stuck a LITTLE closer to the book this time.
He kind of butchered the story last time.Yes richard Armitage he's amazing!?Looks like Peter Jackson stress eats, Each clip they do he gets a bit bigger and bigger.peter jackson is not just talented hes very talented he spends so much time in pre production making everything perfect,weapons ,script,story,sets witch are always amazing he knows when you do a film you must focus on all the little details before you can move onto the bigger picture and when the bigger picture hits it is always epic thank you peter jackson for taking the time and effort to always make your movies always grade A  cinema that means it's shot on digital :/ Oh well, I reckon it's worth it for the 3D :DI wish it would stop freezing -.-
One does not simply swindle it's way into a Peter Jackson set. The studio's doors are guarded by more then just security guards and there is evil inside that does not sleep...its in POST PRODUCTION sorry they finished filming. Now there just cutting together the movie.THIS is gettin to be sooooo AWESOME!Peter Jackson vs Steven Spielberg? PETER JACKSON OFC!!hes has lost soooooo much weight. Good for himhe said dreaded...Watched the whole thing :D Looks awesomeSzuper szuper szuper, FANTASZTIKUS!!!!!Does anyone remember why they tore down the first Hobbiton set? Starbucks !!Peter Jackson progressively gets larger and larger during this videoHe never said "readed" That's not even a word. He said "Thirteen dwarves is one of the reasons why I dreaded The Hobbit, and why I really didn't think I was going to make it for such a long time."I'm sorry but even Peter Jackson said readed 23:55One hour of The Hobbit... Challenge accepted!1:05:00 drops his glasses!Oh yeah, I just checked some of the pictures of Peter Jackson in the King Kong set and he's actually thinner... Guess he put on some weight during his down time XD he's still pretty thinYou're a tougher person than I am. They work SO hard. It would take stamina I just don't have. AND I'm pathologically disorganized. I wouldn't last 20 minutes on any Peter Jackson project.I think the girl getting her hair sprayed @ about 48:19 is Katie Jackson.OK, that makes sense. Thx!One does not simply judge something without knowing all about it... I'll find your opinion more respectable if you read all the prequel books and played all of the video games and done basically everything about it (which I haven't, actually. I'm getting closer). I'm not here to start an argument, though. So yeah but we can agree on that :)I thought that he was refrencing the prehistoric look of the scenery,/watch?v=hi5jjXTPtyY yeah...great character development.... LOL just kidding but seriously I think we can agree that the hobbit is gonna be great!They made Jurassic park in NZ :)     Elijah wood is 30 :O   Actually, he's bigger in these videos than he has been since about 2004. If you can find some of the video blogs he made during King Kong, he was downright skinny then! He went on some yogurt diet and lost pretty much all his excess weight.I don't get the crack Ants Farrell made at 57:57 about the dinosaurs...? Did they make a dinosaur movie in NZ at some point?good luck ... tell me how that works outThis movie will be amazing!Oh I'm sure there's a lot of people that don't like the prequels... but it's what got me in love with star wars. Besides the *cough*bad*cough* things about it, there is a lot of good things. The character development of both Anakin Skywalker and Palpatine is shown a lot more here. Palpatine's actions are more chilling and Skywalker's fall to the Dark Side gave us much insight on the originals. I could ramble on and on but I don't know what the use is. We can agree the hobbit will be great. :)how the hell did Andy Serkis become second unit director?! THAT'S SO AWESOME!!!!This music STILL gives me chills! Just the best, right up there with anything John Williams did for Star Wars and ET.Thank you Pete and all involved for these awesome movies
Redlettermedia. Nuff said....Awww c'mon... Star Wars Prequels are not that bad -_- This is the difference between a pathetic trilogy *coughstarwarsprequelgreenscreencough* and a master piece. I very much think that this movie will be the first prequel i shall like.At about 0:44:30, one of the dwarves is flipping us off!Sounds like a plan...Hell yeah am I going to watch this in 3D!is there any place for an asian in the lotr movies?

please?same!
but good news is Orlando is gona be in the movie as legolasutterly amazing when you consider the bare minimum we see when we watch the movie... MIND BLOWING!!!lol...gandalf with 3d glasses ^^lol...at 0:00:40 it looks like someone's dead and hanging :)One does not simply hide in a wardrobe truck41:34 to 41:39 - i felt that was Orlando. wow! Peter Jackson is a lot thinner since he directed Lord of the Rings :Dyeah plz re-release LOTR  in 3D for theaters & blu-ray!!!if you need a plan B try this: dig a big hole on one of the sets, get in it dressed like a hobbit, close the top over and then jump out in one of the crowd scenes...Does the Battle of Dagorlad take place during The Hobbit? I'd very much like to see that battle in the upcoming film.woa! so they are going to be actually 2 films???And I know every scene they showed parts off :)I'm dying to see the elves! hurry up with the pictures of the elves Jackson!AMAZING.
Is that Richard Armitage at 7:35?Ooohhh I can't wait.  I want to see it now.  The anticipation.....I am seeing this movie the second it comes out.  Have to reread the hobbit though.  It has been so long.  What about Quentin Tarantino and Martin Scorsese and Paul Thomas Anderson?  we could go on like this for days, these are all, like, our opinions man... What about the Cohen Brothers?hobbiton ... but where is bree?peter jackson may be an amazing director but acting is not his strong suit :) - 20mins onwardEven the plastic flowers were blooming XD that was sooo funny speaking of bloom.... How come you couldn't see Orlando in the whole thing even though everyone is exited for his return!!!! Ps I had 3D glasses Lying around at the time and the 3D was amazing!! Very good idea putting all the blogs together.What about Ridley Scott, Edgar Wright and Robert Rodriguez? :Panswer me hobbitses Peter Jackson and George Lucas are t he best Directors in our whole WorldReaded? You may try Readeding the dictionary...
awsome.my dogs got to my copy a little so i had to write in a few words from first few pages top corner. still works.fuck yea.Jackson has really put on the pounds while doing The Hobbit. Here's hoping he gets back to being healthy.*read lol if you succeed... well you can't really tell us your name to look out for it in the credits because then the whole 'set worker disappear' thing would most likely come up.

'Luck anyway!no... also it has already been filmed.My right ear feels lonely :(i worship the book so im hoping the film gives the book justice
Me too :)
1:05:00 :Oi want to work here, you don't even have to pay me, just let me in @.@OMG nooooo it's the 12 TROLLS! :O@Jackeduphobo33 - Ah yeah, I can imagine that sucking. Over here in Sweden they always show the 2D version and the 3D version (as far as I'm aware anyway).Looks fun to be on a movie set 1:05:00 noo the sunglasses :(
There's two times more movies which aren't completed and we never ever heard about them. Too many individuals, everybody is a philosopher with bright ideaIt's amazing to me how these movies ever get completed with so many people involved.Oh yeah it's John Howe and Alan Lee!I miss when Peter was fat but he's still the best Director!ONLY LIKE 3 MORE YEARS TILL THE NEXT lord of the rings  MOVIE. If you are going to see that movie in theaters, give me a Hell Yeah! (thumbs up)11 times, will be 12 before the movie
*Dwalin.. two seconds on Google could tell you that..Dalin*. Yes, there are all dwarves except for Bilbo and Gandalf.read* seriously ...It's made even worse when some cinemas don't even feature a 2d-version. 
At least that's why I hate 3d, because where I live (and other countries as well) there is just the 3d version. Wich means I have to pay an unnecessary extra amount of money just to see the damn thing. Case in point, "The amazing Spiderman"My dream ~ To become a production designer.That's the Metallica version Good for you...Yes, he's also the son of Gimli's grandfather's brother.Dwalin is a dwarf or not?who the hell would dislike this video?O.o7 times and counting.Where is you shall not pass xDHA! I beat you with the third time I read it last month! >:3yes, I do not how old are you? this movie is soo the hammer! Lord of the Rings12 orcsI read it too :D, great book!@telcote What?! How do you think that's possible!?I've seen these vlogs so many times and can't still imagine that they really do this. Maybe, when i sit in the theatre, music tunes up and the voice of Bilbo will tell us "In a hole, in the ground, there lived a hobbit." i will shiver and have goosebumps and just going to enjoy this unexpected journey... after all this time.I know duuuude :'[[[I KNOW MAN! I'M SO EXCITED! How can you say to a African originated person without offending him/ her that he/ her is looking rather pale? The reason he lost weight was because he was sick. He had a perforated ulcer, and it was VERY bad at the time. The Hobbit even had to be put on hold for some time, if I recall.
He may be slimmer earlier, but personally I think he looks better later, considering he has a much better color in his face, and didn't seem as tired as in the first blog.
Perhaps it's only me seeing that, but everyone can see things differently :-)SARUMANLOOOOL 38:08 "Are we having fun?? yaaaaaaaaaay" :))I want a house like that O.o.17.27 were is that view?i love lord of the rings !!! and the Hobbit and the musik !!!! boooaahh very cool48fps!thumbs up if you think that HoneyDew should have been in this film as a dworfPlaya Del Rey is the closest beach to LAX, not Manhattan Beach. Lived in both.  Love them equally.Yaay :DMwaahha I don't want to wait, I could cry ;(looks so freaking interesting. then I realized this is one hour.Nice comment You got there, Tolkien can be proud of You!I am SO psyched for this movie...and it's still about six months away...shit!more than proud...BEHOLD THE DARK LORD !Some people, me for example, finds that 3D improves the immersion. I certainly wouldn't call it a gimmick, it's an alternative to 2D. They don't have to exclude each other.wish i could work with thatIf I´ll enjoy the movie itself even half as much as I did this video... wow. Really inspiring, really cool. Could live without the 3D, but apart from that, I think I am going to live this :)1:03:00
Dear Ms. Hope..... NEVER..... NEEEVVER speak again on Camera....
Is it only going to be in 3D? If so I will not go to the cinema. 3D is such a cheesy gimmick and It´s defenetly not worth the extra cost.I just don't know how Benedict Cumberbatch, awesome as he is, is mocapping for a goddamn dragon.Id love to just chill and have a few beers with Peter

probly be awesome to talk to When I saw Martin Freeman in bbc Sherlock 2 and a half year ago I thought of a hobbit =) He really looks like a sweet hobbit. He fits perfectly as Bilbo...!It is simple, trilogy could be way better, it reminds me of a slide show. I love Tolkien's books i still keep reading them over and over, but trilogy is on a half a way they can be. I hope some other director will film it in future so we can compare. Cheers.could you please repeat that? I think i had something CRAZY in my ear...where is number i have seen 1-7 but gess thay of not made one yet or have not upload it yet.Angus, loving that Northampton Saints shirt mate!Oh, forgot to say New zealand really is beyond amazing. I hope I get to visit it someday.This was really informative, it was so long ago I last saw the trilogy, it feels good again to see middle earth.I hope this will be better movie because trilogy really sucks!I would love to give this comment a like but I don't wanna ruin this beautiful number of 42 likes...i have nothing to say but, wow.. i cant keep my nerdboner for these films under wraps till december, i may implode..why? that was never a book.I wanna live in matamata :'( curse you england move nearer to new zealand 4:15 good thing i'm not  in theregreat now i know there is a dark sky and flames in the movie.i think thats why its called that.i sat and watch the entire thing :) im happy now cant wait for the hobbitthey would need to make a movie name as " Rise of the Wich King that will be great movie .......No, actually, Sir Ian McKellan is gay- look it up. This of course, doesn't stop him from being an epic person.Cannot wait for this...He's married..? did he really say 2 hobbit movies between 12.07 and 12.12 i cant whate!!!!!!!andy serkis always looks so highI think this movie set is the dream of all directors lol did you see how many 3D cameras they have!simon armitage is so intensepeter jackson looks like a dwarf, he doesnt need makeup :dWho cares?0:29:45 Get some Metallica in there! hahahaHe's not in the hobbit. But his has events that occur concurrently with the Hobbit, but, were written into Lord of the Rings (preface, appendices, council of elrond). Part of these hobbit movies is including that material and other similar material.Ian Mc-kellen my most legendary man. I LOVE YOU (no homo) but you play gandalf awesome 
... i really don't remember saruman in the book33:38 ....why is christopher lee there?13:47 Azog......What, are they gonna include him in a flashback or in an opening sequence, similar to FotR?If anyone can make 3D look amazing it will be this team. They're all geniuses. Well it might be caused by Elrond being elf...MCCOY!!!!!I hate 3D, a film that is going to be so spectacular doesn't need all this shit to jazz it up- urghProfessor Tolkien would be proud of this.I get to meet John Davies in August at Fan Expo, so excited.TEA!I love Hobbit feet :Dmy ass in the theatre is good for you. I wonder if I upload my first torrentdo I get my royalties yet or what?you stink of horse. all of you. might I suggest a new dwarf? melatonin of the house of milantin. and coopers brewery. yepi dont like the barrel scene ...wedge tail, aroma and nutmegGet out, change that whole sentence to make is correct.je comprend rien mais ça l'air super ! :Dand now all the technology is even better, this is going to be amazing!Something to wait for other than Game of Thrones Season Three, hope this movie will be great as the other threeI wanna be a dwarf, i already look like oneI bet you will.WOW PETER JACKSON YEAHoh :/
i didnt recognize peter at first! wow good job working out or whatever you did!Elven Magic comes again! I'm so going to watch this!I LOVE LOTR AND I WILL LOVE THE HOBBIT 
<3 <3
Peter looks great! Lost a LOT of weight!it's funny that the actor who plays Kili(the sexy dwarf)has a huge beard in the begining and then is the only one without one :Dnot a piece a whole tome who is that odd little fellow :D hahah its a rare thing these days seeing this much effort and emotion into filmaking. Thanks
they are and its awesome
i think there should be like 6 lotr films cuz you simply cant pack all the information into these filmscuz hes awesome
atleast he wars shoes in the hobbit
cuz he didnt in the other 3 films xDpretty boss
i have seen all the extended edition appendicies several times
and all hobbit produktion vids
i felt i was a member of the cast and crew
....but im not......this makes me sad"No Fat Suit" for Gandalf :)i love the lord of the rings :) and this is just amazing to watch :)MY STAR WARS 3D GLASSES WORK! What's Smaug gonna be like?
Why does Peter never brush his hair? Lol when i think of Elrond i think of an elf not human :DDid I hear that right....2 hobbit movies? 12:06
Their not going to split the hobbit into a 2 part movie are they!
That would BLOW!
I'd invite Ori,necause he seems nice and polite :DBecause It's a really large storyThis is amazing!It really shows what it's like to make a movie.This summer I am going to be shooting my first full lenght movie(I am the assistant director ^^)and I am super excited and scared at the same time.Wish me luck! :D:D
ps Aiden Turner is so much sexier as a dwarf :Dits the fact that it's getting pretty obvious that the movie is going to be amazingTHis will be yet another sacreligious deviation from the text - Jackson 'created' a 'new character' for evangeline lilly - a NEW CHARACTER?!? So the orig book 'needed improvement?!?" After watching how he butchered LOTR, I only prayed del TOro would hang in there to direct The Hobbit - alas, now we have to watch Jackson, fresh of his 'triumphs' of the lovely bones (crap) and King Kong (snore) ruin the remaining of tolkiens classics - I will NEVER watch another of his train wrecks! Just when I didn't think I loved this crew any more, they measure stuff in rugby pitches!saruman:"Who is that odd little fellow?"Peter Jackson is the man and a damn fine directorHe´s hardworking cause he loves what he doing and so his films are always very good :DIt's not going to be a movie...it will be a piece of magic!!!Something about this video relaxes me...

:3I am so excited I think I may die. Jackson is so amazing at what he does. He seems to understand fans more than other directors. I miss New Zealand so badly D;this makes me want to be part of the cast&crew :) anyone else feel the same way :)I was a teenager warg!Who is that odd little fellow? ha ha lol cant wait for this movie!Isn't it just great? I mean I even remember the people whon are working behind the camera!MOARGODDAMNIT>.<!!!oh peter jackson you fatty bombattyBecause it didn't include production video #7? :O
Or because an hour of "making the hobbit" simply isn't enough!
Love it too!Probably from filming the Lord of the rings all over new zealand :PWho.the.hell would dislike this!? For what possible reason could they dislike this production blog -_-. I love the Hobbit :D29:38 METAL DWARF
I would think so!Wow, Peter Jackson has lost a lot of weight. :)33:28 is the best, lmaoLong live the Dwarfs and Peter Jackson and all the other cast and crew who will undoubtedly make this movie great. I only hope I too can one day work on such a magnificent project like this one day. Great job and can't wait to see it in theaters.4 times now. And counting.. watched it all :DTotally right. I'd love to see that in the actual movie. But I'm sure Pete's going to to whatever's best. :DOh,Yes.Dolph Lungren as Bandrobas took, The bull-roarer-.i wanna be in hobbiton n smoke weed there..OMG !!Releasing near the end of 2012 as Part 1. Been in development for like 2 or so years lol.id say stress:)yup, getting released in december 2012, part 1is this getting made in 2012????
To the man hosting the video. Who are you and what has you done to Peter Jackson. XDTrue, of course :) Just saying that we have nice spots here aswell ^.^ It's more for my sake, cause I'd love to creep outside the studio, trying to catch a glimpse of what they're doing :)jesus in the beginning of this vlog peter jackson is wicked skinny then at the end he gained like 20 poundsNew Zealand  is the land of the lord of the rings you cant beat itThey should come to Norway :) We've got loads of epic places, that could fit the film :3can someone tell me the name of the song at 51:10 ??why?OMG WTF IS WRONG WITH U , U FUCKEN CRACK HEAD.GET OFF THE METH U JUNKY FUCK
FAVORITE LINE yeah bloody well better :Dcan't wait to immerse myself back into the magic. Friendly crew too! I love how innovative and hardworking Peter Jackson is *-*he actually lost all the weight during the filming of King Kong. so he's been nice and slender since '04
Thankyou  so much :DI love how in the third Blog, Bombir's fat ass randomly shows up in the background!
I love America's ability to change it's scenery no matter where you go, deserts, mountains, rivers, oceans, swamps, forests etc etc..but after seeing New Zealand I can safely say it's the most beautiful place I've laid my eyes on and I WILL be going there at some point in my life.  *shrugs*Where the fuck's Persbrandt?!Lord of the Rings isn't just a project. It's a big dream that a lot of inspired people came to live. And that's why it touches the heart of so many. That's why all the actors and other members from the old films participate again. They don't do it for the money first but to relive this amazing dream they built up many years ago. Time doesn't matter anymore when you've been part of Middleearth one time in your life. this movie better be like 3 hours long.like if you have watched the whole thingCan't wait to see Orlando Bloom as Legolas Again *-*well i didn't!that was in the book nice.. one question though ... game or book referencei can't wait for the movie!!!!isn't it time for number 7?VLOG NUMBER 7 PLEASE !!!!he lost weight29:20

DEATH METAL DWARVES!!! \m/

I demand a death metal version of "That's what Bilbo Baggins hates" sung by the dwarves >:D

GUYS, I got an idea! One month before The Hobbit releases, GROW YOUR BEARDS OUT!!! 

GET YOUR DWARF ON FOR THE RELEASE!!! 
i keep expecting it to end and then it just keeps going! for ever and ever!only 6 months more...strange feeling huhFirst time I've seen a sexy dwarf in a movie. Kili! <3 LOLI just couldn't find out  the name of the soundtrack. But yesterday I did (I guess I just needed some determination and time on it) So.. Thank you for nothingdont forget the dark lord himself and his right hand man the witch king omg!!! were doomed8!Omg, can't believe you just asked that...... -.-' Embarrassing.What i8s the name of the soundtrack at the 15:30 ?I remember watching "lord of the rings: behind the scenes" and then it felt like the journey is over and now watching this it felt, like it's still lives8 Orcs :O Muster the Rohirrim!!!"Old Took's great-grand-uncle Bullroarer...was so huge (for a hobbit) that he could ride a horse. He charged the ranks of the goblins of Mount Gram in the Battle of The Green Fields, and knocked their king Golfimbul's head clean off with a wooden club. It sailed a hundred yards through the air and went down a rabbit hole, and in this way the battle was won, and the game of Golf invented at the same moment."Gandalf.
 This better be in the movieMy god this Peter Jackson is one scruffy-looking nerf herder.I feel like watching The Lord of the Rings againThanks to "Game of Thrones" now I don`t care if this movie is shit.people that say you can't get a job because you look different need to see this .. 
Gollum became a director I love Peter Jackson, he's a cinephile that made it.Peter Jackson said I looked good! My life is complete now :)I'd buy a house in hobbiton...even if I'm 1.91 m tall...at 51:49, i swear frodo is stoned, or just a lot older then he was, and my mind = blown!!
hageniallooks like Peter Jackson is putting weight back on, but that's the way we like him, now he needs to get them shorts back on and ride his bike around from set to set :)Bilbo has an encounter with Gollum..Get back on your diet, Peter!7... the days have gone down in the west. The shadow is moving...
6 orcs and one caves troll! Oh my precious! We need wonderfull Sams pan!What happend to Peter? He's half of the man now. If not the haircut I wouldn't recognize him. :)The white hand is a symbol of Sauruman you knitwit and you didn't even spell sauron correctlySure, because Peter Jackson is just working on the LOTR for the rest of his life.. better "palm" yourself hard.. -.-'This channel is like a drug dealer for lotr junkiesnow we have to get an army now there are 7 orcs here!take yuor sword your bow and your axeDamn I would do a lot to get a chance to be part of a Peter Jackson movie..
..maybe one day I'll go back to acting and just try, nothing to lose really! Loving it, Thanks for the VLOG guys!7 orcs.....the battle has begun...Sir Ian Mcallen, yesI wish every movie did thisdwarfs just got bilhions of times better!wow peter jackson lost some serious weight! GIVE ME VIDEO 7LOL I see what you did there~ Peter is sooo slim :3ik hahahaha 6 nowWho is that odd little fellow? :)That's because he's a D bag. Im sorry i know i owe the original trilogy to him, but he fucked up one too many times in my book. Anyone else remember Jordan trying baseball? Ya, go out with style i guess is my point here.Holy shit now 6 Orcs, the Dark Lord is rising. Darkness is upon us!WOW Peter has lost a lot of weight!play the mmo XDWOAH. .Whoa—I didn't know that Radagast was going to be in this movie.  I must be behind.0:03:35 'Its almost like you stepped into a movie' YOU DONT SAY!I WAS A TEENAGE WARG!Thanks for submitting them all in one block! :)Am I an Avenger? I'd rather be Batman right now. Or maybe Bane actually.Are there TWO Hobbit movies?! Yeeey :Dhaha, real beardshe has lost some weight :D good for him :)that was amazing 3D concept art i just love lotrI like how Peter Jackson seems to get progressively greyer and more exhausted looking. We appreciate it!!I got my 3D glasses but the picture didn't work for me. But then, 3D doesn't really work when you have a lazy eye.couldn't agree more!!! Still can't wait though. :)I enjoyed this thoroughly.I'm re-reading the book now, while waiting for the movie xDI love how the "head bump" is still done by them.I can't wait for the riddles in the darkEveryone who is going to see the Hobbit later this year. Do not forget it's going to be shown at a higher frame rate. Your eyes will adjust, but at first it'll will look different from previous movies you've seen in theaters. Either way, hope you enjoy the films :D4 orcs dont like Hobbiter VLOG*
Omg blog heaven!
It's really odd watching lotr making of, then this right after, many of the same faces a decade older.I have never seen a 1 hour vid :)Are they releasing it in 2 parts?
I love how they are total children when talking about the weaponsAmazing. That is all.i'm so exciteddddd!!!!nah dont worry man they dont spoil anything most of the actors and the things you see are censoredof course they will...  Why would they bother filming in 3D if it's not released in 3D...I thought like you, but than i took an arrow to the kneehe's so much more confident and less camera shy now, than he was in the LOTR behind the scenes stuff. good to see he's still as humble as ever though. Go Kiwi's!!Hahahaha, 0:29:36 hahahahahahahaI get cry-e eyes when I think back to all the joy I had in the past watching the Lord of the Rings and reading all of the books several times. The three movies were incredibly well done, and hopefully this will be as exciting as the Lord of the Rings. L-o-v-e it!So we have to go to New Zealand and find them.. NOW!!
:)1:04:55    FUCK! he lost his glasses.I just finished the book.  This is going to be an awesome movie.I am happy for this Movie

greetz from GermanyDecember 13th;)man that was sooooo cool
Imagine George Lucas doing this movie. There would be green screens everywhere, no beautiful props. I'm glad Mr. Jackson is doing it :)Y NO STEPHEN FRY29:40 ... best band ever... i wud go see their concertthey seem to have so much fun doing this, i can't wait for this! The womans accent at 1:2:59 makes me laugh :) Peter Jackson lost a TON of weight! good for himwhy am I watching this... GOTTA WAIT!
New Zealand is awesomeyes, which one dwarf"which dwarf would YOU like to invite to dinner?" I would pick Thorin 'cause he's my favorite, like the dwarf i look up toI haven't read it at all. I think i should.Cannot express the excitement I have for this. Although it will SUCK leaving the theater knowing there is a part 2 -_- Richard Armitage sounds like Sean Bean :oEven Peter Jackson's video blogs are works of art. PETER JACKSON BLOGS > TWILIGHT! xD I'm sorry ahaha, I couldn't resist.
Sorry, disregard my last post. I was wrongI just do not understand: the 6 episodes alone at 720p add up 1.33 Gb while altogether at 720p only 1.062 Gb.I'm so glad he's doing these production videos...it makes the wait bearable.bbbbboooooonnnneerrrrrdidnt watch the whole vid but its awesome though, cant waitMirkwood reminds me of a wraith hivepeter look different now that he is skinny....good job mr.jackson...cant wait till decemberI really won't watch this. When I go and see the movie at december I want to be fully surprised by what I see. I don't even want to see the actor's faces. Although I know most of them :)