0 : hasmods
0 : Like honestly if Noel's go-to jokes are about "getting pussy" homeboy needs new content. that shit is so played out. no wonder it wasn't funny!
0 : #freeAIU
1 : 02:01 that’s one true friendship. beautiful
0 : 2:01 they put their legs up in sync. lmfaoooo
0 : b'These mans really talking about AC to help w global warming..\xf0\x9f\xa5\xb4\xf0\x9f\xa5\xb4'
0 : I work outside in the desert in Arizona and I think the heat isn’t that bad and I dig holes all day, it gets to like 120 every summer lmao
0 : 2:00 Simultaneous crossing of legs. Nice.
But that "roast" was cringe. Noel was the only funny one.
1 : Cody, your calves are beautiful man.This is like my third comment about their legs, I'm learning things about myself.
3 : My fav argument for why global warming isn’t dangerous is “it’s just a phase of nature… the earth will eventually cool down“ and it makes me laugh every time bc I think about how every single time there’s been a drastic change in weather in earth history it’s coupled with a mass extinction lol not sure why people think they would be able to survive something like that
2 : Noel that was Iraq..they hit 50 degrees recently.
0 : 2:02 the synchronization goes craaaazzzyyy
0 : If u think west coast is bad come to Texas lol
1 : 2:02 that synchronized leg cross was * chef's kiss *
4 : I believe Noel's referring to a "Wet Bulb" condition around 2:10 to 3:20, which is truly concerning and scary
0 : The young turds
0 : QT had the best bit when she said “Hasan’s laugh sounds like two donkeys fucking which must be good for him because it reminds him of his parents”
3 : So nobody’s going to talk about how Jeff bezos head is literally incased in a jar behind Noel
0 : If people don't want to have to deal with the heat plant fucking trees.
Like literally tree shade is honestly really helpful for heat
3 : Cody and Noel in tan makes me think that Noel is the prison husband and Cody is his prison wife.
0 : I got no a/c in my car and I have to drive around Houston. I really don’t care if I crash and die while I’m driving bc it’s so fucking hot
1 : Cody's beat ass shoes are the biggest anti-flex/confidence move I have ever seen.
0 : This is a nice moment of friends sharing jokes <3
99 : This summer is the hottest in recorded history but it'll be the coolest of the next 200 years
1 : Why was Mizkif acting like an egotistical asshole
Clap or at least laugh wtf
1 : Billions of mainly dark skinned people are going to be put through a fresh layer of hell thanks to those of us who know being too nice to do what's absolutely necessary to capitalists, landed gentry and their simps. We in the west are right now watching the consequences of our own over indulgence and greed, and we refuse to stop.

If you want things to change, stop giving your money to online grifters pretending to oppose western capitalism and start doing what's necessary to the people who own the resources, land and media, using collective power. That last part is such an important detail that all to often is treated with contempt. Without wealth and influence, an individual has no power. We succeed by working together.
4 : As someone who lived in the south my whole life, it blew my mind when I found out that not everywhere has ac
18 : "He's too hot" sounds like the roast Michael Scott thought he was gonna get
3 : Cody: “who :D? who :D? who :D?”
19 : noel explaining his jokes as he rewatches himself gives off the same energy as that joker comedy club scene even though people are actually laughing
37 : Noel explaining his jokes to Cody has the same energy as me explaining memes to my mother
0 : plz compress the voices more ;D
0 : Just wait Hasan will still get away with it. Like he always does.
38 : Noel you introduced me to Hasan and I can't be more appreciative.
5 : If you want to feel a real heatwave just go to San Luis Rio Colorado every summer, they're regularly the hottest inhabited city each year with temps reaching over 118.
12 : You know you’re getting old when you sit in an old mans chair saying’this is the hottest summer I’ve felt so far’
4 : omg 2:02 was perfect
0 : god these two dudes fake laugh just bugs me off, JUST DONT LAUGH IF YOU DONT WANT TO
0 : 1:52 my middle school didn’t have ac whole I was there, one of the worst experiences of my life that school was a dumpster.
1 : Noel that roast was GOLDDDD
87 : you're talking about in south eastern asia where the humidity, and heat are too high which means your body can't cool itself off through sweat.. basically meaning you can't go outside without heatstroke.
0 : It has been very hot in the UK lately considering this is the UK...
54 : Friends over in the US telling me that their temps are getting as hot as your typical sunny day here in Malaysia. Everywhere is just burning really, it's so disconcerting.
0 : b'Bro the synchronized \xf0\x9f\xa4\x94 2:00'
0 : Bro most places in the US have A/C besides California.
118 : noel showing his roast clip and explaining everything to cody has the same energy as showing a boomer a meme kekw
0 : HAARP
13 : I think noel might have been vaguely remembering wet bulb temperature when they were talking about climate change. Recommend reading up on it, it's very boring until its suddenly terrifying
12 : b'As a Turk, love the jokes. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
9 : Don't worry Cody, I'm also out of the loop
1 : AC makes the environment worse
119 : b'Love the coordinated fits but also at 2:03 the leg cross at the same time is insane \xf0\x9f\x98\x82'
78 : Running A/C with our current fossil fuel energy infrastructure actually makes climate change worse. The energy grid can also collapse if it's to stressed.
1 : Stavros set was WAY out of pocket
0 : Please do something with Ludwig and QT if love to see a collab
12 : b'Noel saying that some country has temperatures at 118 (F I\xe2\x80\x99m assuming) and that the human body would immediately collapse.. when that literally happens here all summer in California in the lower desert areas\xf0\x9f\xa7\x8d\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x80\xef\xb8\x8f\n\nI get that people not from those areas experiencing those temperatures would be more likely to get heat strokes though'
2 : Azan? PogO?
4 : Yea that hot place was Pakistan, ppl's slippers were gettin stuck on the roads cuz of melted tar.
16 : Irelaand had a record summer since the 80s and it lasted about 10 days
8 : Noel is so fine
9 : Im in Germany and Germans don’t believe AC is a human right since its bad for the environment so they fight global warming by saying “you deserve this shit, burn” shit sucks lol
4 : What shoes are Noel wearing?
13 : Hasan is hot but he can’t dress to save his life. Makes him look goofy
14 : This summer is the hottest in history as it's *WHITE BOY SUMMER.*
7 : I know this isn't usually your kind of topic, but is there any chance you guys can talk about climate change? So much stuff is happening at once now, as of this week it was reported "Earth heads for its tipping point as it could reach +1.5 °C over the next 5 years" and "Five Powerful Heat Domes are Spreading over the Northern Hemisphere as Dozens of Countries Continue to Record their Highest Temperatures Ever Observed Including Northern Ireland." Shit is getting so real right now, you guys always have solid thoughts on stuff and it's something that should be spoken about, especially with how it's getting right now.
1 : b"It was so hot in Dubai the created rain..even though we've been told they can't make the weather..\xf0\x9f\x98\x92"
1 : Azan moment
1 : Well this section was terrifying
0 : hasMods
19 : The turkey armenia joke was an absolute zinger
12 : Hassan gives the vibe he’s only a liberal so he can tell women he cares about minority, political, and environmental issues so he can get them in bed lmao.
0 : b'Shame AC also contributes to climate change \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9'
26 : Our incentives as humans have been wrong for a long time, and it is catching up to us.
42 : 2:02 that synchronization
0 : hasMods
87 : Can you guys believe Noel doesn't believe in global warming?
0 : cody please throw those dirty shoes.
3 : hey chat hasL
19 : God I hate Hasan, don't know how he gets away with things
1 : Who's that girl?
36 : 2:02 the synchronisation omg
581 : I love that cody is too fucking clueless about twitch drama so noel has to fill him in on the fly during the roast. Thank you Noel for stopping Azan from getting away with it Prayge
0 : b'Hassan is cool 90 percent of the time, but he does have a couple weird views and he\xe2\x80\x99s a giant dick to his own audience \xf0\x9f\x98\x82 blocks Tier-3 subs for no reason all the time then has to apologize and unblock them'
308 : Cody the geriatric man needing Noel to explain every joke to him
4 : He must be stopped
2 : nooooooo booooooo too many sexist jokes in there..
97 : "Whoever doesn't have AC in 12 months is gonna die." It's already happening in Portland!!!
12 : Was just watching hasan when this popped up :))
28 : b"when's hasan coming on the podcast \xf0\x9f\xa4\xa8"
3 : HASMODS
33 : Hey Cody and Noel, what’s your opinion on this year’s Olympics? Do you follow certain sports closely and if so which ones?
12 : 2:01 that was wierd
4 : Wow no mention of stavy baby’s top tier roasts?? 0/10
19 : azan? PogO
593 : finally someone taking a stand. he can’t keep getting away with it
0 : reupload?
20 : 2:02 DID YOU SEE THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!???????
14 : Hasan is so boring
20 : AZAN
14 : b'last time i was this early i had an \xd0\xb0b\xd0\xbertion'
1 : Thank you
30 : I took the clip of Noel praising Qt's roast of Hasan and put it on her Reddit and she released a video today(07/28/21 for the ones that see in the future) and she told that Noel also had a great roast. Also she said that Noel was in the 100 thieves foundations party.


Edit:- also wtf was that 2:01
18 : The audacity of Hasan
30 : Cody unfortunately has Ko-vid19 :/
5 : Oh did I get here too early?
30 : azan
